Whee!Uh-oh. Aah!♪ ♪D'oh!D'oh!Sir, I've preparedyour year-end finance report.Initiate ocular scan mode.Illuminate...and recalibrate.Gah! Unthinkable! The horror!This is the first yearmy earnings


are lower than the year before.I'm sorry, sir.These days,enlightened people like solar,and the consciously evilprefer fracking.Wh-Why, if this continues,in 150 yearsI'll be out on the street.Sir, sir, sir,I'm sure there's some sortof inessential line item- that no one will miss.- Mm-hmm.Effective immediately:children's health care willbe cut from workers' benefits.This meeting is over. God blessthe United States of Americaand release the hounds.Oh, I got three kids,and they've all got health.


I am so cursed.That's what you getfor having a family.I'm gonna die like I lived:nice and lonely.Sweet.Maybe we can get the kidsgovernment health care.Oh, sorry, Marge,that's gone, remember?Because of those corporatetax cuts we all wanted?I didn't want them.You say so now,but I remember you back then."Ooh, corporate tax cuts.Makers not takers."Oh, every timeAnn Coulter has a cold,you think she's me.I'm sorry, honey.We'll just have to cut backon the kids' meds.Back in my day,children didn't need no meds!You just gave 'ema slug of whiskeyand sent 'em off to school.And if they lost their snowshoe,you'd beat 'emwith the other one!That's how we raised thegeneration that lost Vietnam.Bart, your old attentiondeficit disorder medicineisn't coveredby insurance anymore,so we'll have to use a cheaperdrug that's just as good.So goodbye, Focusyn.Hello, Chillaxodol.Mm.Mom, I was juston hypochondria. edu,and I thinkyou should see something.Are you givingyour precious childthe generic ADD medicationChillaxodol?Yes. Why?Your child may experienceunwanted side effects,including headaches...painful spasms......dry mouth...Ah.- ...and whiskers...- Mm!...musical flatulence......involuntaryMemphis juking...♪ ♪...sudden relocation...Hmm? Mm....and a symptomthat can only be describedas "dolphining."If you or a loved oneis experiencingany of these side effects,you would do well to rememberthat life isheartless and brutal,and the cosmosis indifferent to us all.I'd say goodbye,but what's the point?Without insurance,we'll just have to go to...Dr. Nick.Sorry, everybody.Remember, if at any timeyou become a dog,then I can medicine you.No hope.There's no hope here.Hmm. "The healing magicof crystals."Well,I've tried everything else.Shalom, kind queen.I mean the "hello" shalom,but also the "peace" one.How can I soothe you?Wow. That was a lot just now.But yet it's only a snippetof the cosmic conversation.Look, my son is havingbad side effectsfrom his ADD meds.His father wants himto join footballfor a nice, calming concussion.I have just the thing for you.Crystals?Healing crystals.I am pretty desperate.Crystals are a timeless databaseof energy,knowledge and sparkling.Scientists are finally waking upto what pyramidshave known all along.I vant to suck your money.Uh, maybe I could just buya couple rocks and go.Oh, they're more than rocks.They makegreat stocking stuffers.And for Hanukkah?Uh, useless.Hey.Bart, it's timefor your ADD treatment.Aah...aah, aah, aah.Hmm, maybe he'sa little overtrained.It's not a pill.Ooh, a suppository.Fill 'er up.It's not a drug.I want you to try these.Hmm...I believe."A" paper by Lisa."A" paper by Lisa."A" paper by Bart.An "A"?Oh, my gosh, Bart!Could it really be the crystals?Yes, definitely the crystals.You really got an "A"?No white-out.The answersare actually correct.Maybe he really did the work.Or maybe he cheated,and I have to find out how.Whoa! Someone could usea chill-out crystal.It's made by your boyfriend,Lis: the Earth!Lisa has a boyfriend?And this is how I find out?I don't knowwhich of you two is dumber.So I'm a bitof a mystery, huh? Huh?Marge, I heard Bart got an "A."- How'd you do it?- Can you keep a secret?Unless it's about a person, yes.It was crystals.Crystals, huh?I could usesome of those for Kirk.I want to seed the bedwith them,so he doesn't crawl over to me.No worries. I'llpick up more on my way home.Oh, no, what happened?I'm closing the store.A cot finally opened upin this cultI've been trying to get into.Congratulations, I guess.Can I still buy crystals?Just take 'em.In fact, you can havemy entire inventory.Thank you.Now, enter my chariot to Heaven.Are you sure about this?Of course! I'm ascendingto a higher level of being.Now, sisters,let us Sharpie inthe whites of our eyes.Oh, wow."Before passing onto a new owner,"crystals should be clearedof their old energywith a combinationof water and sulfur."Which is justwhat comes out of our tap!The crystals got Kirk a new job.With a uniform!That's right, I'm a batboy.Nelson got an "A" on his test!This is going right up on therefrigerator in the front yard.Marge, we need more crystals.I'm not even 100% surethese things work.Should I reallybe selling them?You know, these justmight make me stop drinking.I guess I should.I'm gonna grind 'em upand snort 'em.♪ ♪Marge, another "A"in my class for Bart.I'm so impressed that a boywith Bart's jiggly-wiggliescould be curedby this pagan hogwash.You can't argue with facts.Oh, dear, we'rerunning low on obsidian.Almost out of moon potion.And there'sno more brain powder.I can sell youbrain powder in bulk.Here's whose brainthe powder is from.It's a cow,but a very smart one.Hmm. What else do you sell?Oh, massage stones,copper bracelets,dream catchers,dream catcherfilter replacements.This old one is full of dreams.I don't see anything in it.Don't you see it? Your dreamof being a massive success?You see it?Right there. See it?- Mm-mmm.- Right there. See it?I think I am starting to see it.Are you sure?Do you really?I see it!Yeah, okay, bring it down.Less Oprah, more Chopra.I see it. I guessI could expand my product line.Then I can reallystart making my own money,not be dependent on Homer.Did I hear"not dependent on Homer"?Boom. Retired.You should still go in to work.I don't think I even rememberhow to get there.You were just there today.Feels like that, doesn't it?Here at MURMUR,we have everythinga holistic mother might need.Cactus milk.Wicker birthing chairs.Fairy traps.Tibetan singing bowls.Are these macaroons free-range?Yes. Only made from coconutsthat fall from the treeor are gently coaxedby woke monkeys.I'm sorry, Marge,I'm gonna have to shut you down.You don't havea retail business license.Well, Chief,do I really need a licenseto sell that hemp body lotionSarah likes so much?And which is free to you?Ooh, I like it, too!But I'm gonna needmore than that.Hmm.Mm... hmm.Mm.Oh, Marge!I've only done this beforewith Monopoly money and salami!Where'd it go?It's all right here, baby.We made $1,000 today.What's thatwithout the cost of goods?$998.I love you.♪ Ain't it beautiful ♪♪ Ooh, ooh ♪♪ Crystal blue persuasion ♪♪ Better get ready ♪♪ Gonna see the light ♪♪ Love, love is the answer ♪♪ Ooh, ooh ♪♪ And that's all right ♪♪ So don't you give up now ♪♪ Ooh, ooh ♪♪ So easy to find ♪♪ Just look to your soul ♪♪ Look to your soul ♪♪ And open your mind ♪♪ ♪Meep...♪ Crystal blue persuasion,mmm. ♪So, those crystalsmust really be uncloggin'your noggin, huh?Yep. They're makingmath problems like 60 + 63as easy as 1-2-3.Mm. And what is 60 + 63?Oh. Um...It's 1-2-3!Ay, caramba!I'll figure out your scam.Sorry, Lis,I can't hear you over the bowl.You won't get away with it!I will stop you!Because this is not...Oh, oh.Singing bowl,you are so peaceful.Luann bought $60 worthof organic blackberries today.I hope she enjoys both of them.I need this for shopping.And this for a rainy day.Do I hear thunder?Namaste.We're closed.What part of "namaste"don't you understand?I'm gonna need you to can it,Marge.My name is Piper Paisley.Do I know you?I have a healing beautyrelaxorium in Shelbyville.Perhaps you've heard of PLOP.Well, it's wonderfulto meet a fellow entrepreneuse.Is it?If I wasn't Botoxed as hell,I'd be frowningat you right now.East?That's a solstice stone,not an equinox stone.Just nama-stay outof my business.Marge, honey,you've got to be careful.She means business.Oh, look what it says.This means war.Marge, don't say that!I got into this businessbecause of the kids,but now I like it.You know what?I'm going to open up a kioskin the Shelbyville Mall.On her turf!♪ ♪Ugh!You don't belong there!What happenedto that hoverboard guy?Marge made me a better offer!You know you can'tdo this, right--build a competing kiosk in thesame escalator dump-out zone?I mean,you can't.There's no morelaw and order in malls.Aah!You've been living in my kiosk?If you call that living.Well, well, Bart, another "A."Looks like I broughtmy average up to a "D."Now to test my theory.Aha!What the hell are you doing?I know what you did,Bart Simpson.It's crystal clear.You hid the Gettysburg Addressin a poster right by your desk,which you could read whenMilhouse distracted Flanders.Pure coincidence.I put all the times tablesin Newton's wig.And look what I hidin the apple.Ew!You know,it would have been far easierjust to study and get an "A."Yeah, but what's the pointof that?I'm telling Dad.Not today. I got my book club.A Confederacy of Dunces.Ooh, is that the book?No, that's who's coming:Lenny, Carl, Barney, Moe.The book we read was, uh, TheGirl with the Dragon Something.- I didn't get through the title.- Yeah, me neither.It was just as boring as TinkerTailor Something Something.Well, cancel the book club,'cause Bart has somethinghe has to tell Mom.Why?You don't realizehow bad this is, do you?You betrayed the one personwho still believes in you.The dog believes in me.Ruh-ruh.Don't you get it?Who's the person that'salways there when you need it?♪ I'll always love my mama ♪♪ She's my favorite girl ♪♪ I'll always love my mama. ♪Oh, my God.She's shown me nothing but love.How do I make this guiltgo away?Tell her the truth.No, that's not it.Keep pitching.No, that is it!Oh, fine!Now, looky here.I learned Swedishto read this here book,and we are gonna discuss it.Nordic noir is knownfor its plain languageand absence of metaphors.Dig deeper.The novel reflects,implicitly and explicitly,gaps between rhetoricand practice in Swedish policy.That'll do nicely.Who wants cake?I said, who wants cake?Our day of kiosk combat begins.My sisters abusePiper's free sample policy.Mmm. I smell like the smokingarea of a nice resort.Schmear me like a bagel.Now, phase two.The one force no kioskcan withstand:a confused old person.Somewhere in me is a yoni egg.I think it might be hatching.Uh, they don't hatch.Can you take that chance?Mom, I'm sorry.I wasn't getting Asbecause of the crystals.I lied.♪ ♪This crystal don't work!Nelson got detention,and I got demotedfrom stripper to topless valet.Kirk crawled over theseand made his way to me.Three times.One last thing to do.That's not the eggI was thinking of.Keep looking.Stop, stop. Piper, stop.You win.I don't belong in this mallwith all theselegitimate businesses.I win!I win. Me.I'm sorry, I'm just...I'm very competitive.Have you tried rose quartz?Let me ask you something.Do I look like an idiot?Ooh, I love your handbag.Well, thank you.No prob, babe. I win.Marge, honey,I'm glad you're home.I've been thinking.I want to be more thanjust Mr. Mrs. Homer Simpson.I want to get a job.You have a job.I know. Raising the kidsand looking fabulous.But I thought it would be niceto have somewhere to goevery day.You work at the power plant.They call every morning and say,"Where are you?"So you're not mad?Oh, I love you! Mwah!Thank you for understanding.Oh...Excuse me.I have a friend I think is here.Um, I just wantedto make sure she's okay.Marge. Good to see you.But, really, not necessary.Because everything here is...Run! Run!What's happening here?!I thought you were justgetting massages!Those were good.But the other stuff is...Blow up the bridge.Shh!Captioned byMedia Access Group at WGBH