♪ ♪D'oh!Refill!♪ ♪Kids,is there anything betterthan when a restaurantmisprints a coupon?And with the money we saved,your mom is gettinga Swedish massage.All the tension's goingout of my body.


Now let's take one deep breathof this classy placebefore we go backto our lousy car.Excuse me,that air is the propertyof this restaurant.Fine, I'll give it back.Good one.Memory book.Okay, kids.I admit we hustledthe restaurant there,but that's it.I don't want you to thinkthis is the wayyou get ahead in life.Do not take advantageof someone else's mistakes.- Your car, sir.- But that's not...You see that, kids?


It's the kind of carthey don't make anymore.Windshield that breaks intoa thousand glass razor blades.Your lap is the cup holder.Vinyl seats that canmelt your ass.God, do I want to drive it.Oh... so useless.This is the carI've always wanted.You'll never havea car this nice.You'll never havea girlfriend this cute.That's right!And you'll never haveexhaust this toxic.Oh, I need this.I've always needed this.Get in, kids, get in.Dad, what were youjust telling us?This is morally wr...Whee!Pull every knob.Press all the buttons.Find out what things do.Don't you"chitty chitty bang bang" me!Ooh, what's this crank for?Duh, rolling down the window.Hmm. How do I put onthe air conditioning?Uh, you're doing it.Aw, cool. An ashtray.A full ashtray!Uh-uh-uh!Bad, bad, bad!Ah, smooth.Bad, bad.Now, to tie them in a bow.My husband-- he's doingsomething incredibly stupid.Look at this beautiful color.Seafoam. This is whatcars used to look like.And what the seaused to look like.Whee!Whoa!Put this on the list of thingswe don't tell your mother.Including the factthere is a list.Aw, it's over.Now, to teach you kidsa life lesson.Moments of pure joyalways have consequences.We already knew that.Yeah. Why do you think we exist?Quick!Put on your innocent faces.Innocenter... innocenter.Uh, yeah, I'm, uh, I'm sorry,you gave me the wrong car.The moment I realized,I brought it back immediately.You stole my car.My precious 1957 CadillacEldorado Biarritz convertiblein the original seafoam,with the illegal brodie knob.Oh, God. Tell me right now youdid not touch my brodie knob.Absolutely not.This is the brodie knob.Oh. I was all over that thing.You're in big trouble.They're gonna charge youwith grand theft auto.A lousy gamebut a magnificent law.Listen, I'm sorry.Really sorry.I just wanted to givemy kids a ride,show them the houseI was born in,show them the houseI'm gonna die in,then drive througha cornfield for kicks.Whoo-hoo!I gave youthe USS Enterprise,and you returnedwith the Orville!I am so sorry.You're absolutely right.I'll get it fixed by a pro.I'll get you a license plateframe saying"My other car is a..."insert dumb movie reference.Tron Legacy Light-Cycle.Well, okay.I suppose I could allow you to--oh, God!No!My mint condition copyof Radioactive Man number one!This was the comicI always wanted mostsince I was an athletic,popular child.Look, you're a nice guy.When have you ever seen mebe a nice guy?!I am pressing charges!Is this yours?Yes.Simpson, get on the bike.Put your arms around me.Now, head on my shoulder.Yeah... aw, that's nice.And don't lean the same way I door we're both dead.Uh, by the way,you're under arrest.Uh, doesn't the law sayI need a helmet, too?Another law you're breaking.Why are you riding a motorcycle?It's not for fun!I got arrested!That's worse!Your Honor, I'm scared.Okay, I screwed up.If you'll permit, may I reada speech in my defense?Did your daughter write it?Absolutely not.Sir, if an opportunitycame alongto give your kidsa memory they'll never forget,- wouldn't you hopin the driver's seat?A golden day with their dad.What could be more innocent?All I know is thatas that gas gauge read empty,our hearts were full.Full of love.Love of what our country doesbest: build cars 60 years ago!I'm a judge.But I'm also a father.A father whose ex-wifeonly lets him see the kidson summers and Christmas.I don't need you to rub it in.I find the defendant guilty.Your Honor, I'm not the oneon trial here.Yes, you are."Hire a lawyer," I said."Waste of money," he said.This is what I spend my timein courtroom audiences for.This is my Starbucks.Two weeks.Two weeks to turn this around.Lisa, can we get the stateto change its sentencingguidelinesin the next two weeks?Ah, the legislative calendaris pretty full.And they take offthe second week for Easter.Roman Easter! To the Byzantineworld, it's nothing!I'm afraid we have to preparefor the possibilitythat you might go to prison.The Arts and IncarcerationChannel presents...What advice would you giveto a new inmate?Everything can be a weapon.I saw a guy get his eye gougedwith uncooked spaghetti.You soundlike you've seen a lot.I've seen things and done thingsI ain't proud of.And I'm the chaplain.I can't take this, Marge.Maybe I can make peacewith Comic Book Guy.Do you think so?He's an angry man.His favorite thing is Star Wars,and he hates Star Wars.I'll talk to him.Careful, Marge.He's a lazy, overweight slob.Don't fall in love with him.Comic Book Guy,my husband is really sorry.Okay, he screwed up.But he doesn't belong in prison.I beg to differ.That car is very special to me.When I was young,my father took me in it to...- Buy comic books?- No, not comic books.Everything in my lifeis not comic books, okay?We bought baseball cards.Look, we'll detail your carand fix your comic book.This is not about my car.It is about me getting respect.I want all the Little Lulusfive dollars can buy.And make it snappy,Blobba the Hutt.Jabba is actually quite slim!For a Hutt.Just get the Lulus.Or I'll take my businessto Build-A-Bear.Here you go. Five dollars'worth of Little Lulus.As for you, I am not budging.Like the door of Superman'sFortress of Solitudewhen the Beatles tried to visit.Pure folly.That comic is noncanonical.The only thing noncanonicalin my store is Snoopydressed as Sgt. Rockfor an ill-timed Vietnam war ad.I see. Well, I'm sorryto have bothered you.Yes, don't let the door hit youon the way out.No, seriously.It's just been painted.Oh. That's whatbeing nice gets you.Mom, Dad, I think I foundthe answer on the Internet!Lisa, nothing goodever comes from YouTube.Except ducks eating watermelon.No, no.Sentencing mitigation videos.People have hadtheir jail terms reduced,or even gotten off death rowby producing slickvideo appeals to the judge.Finally, a way for rich peopleto bend the system their way.Mr. Burns got off the hook onceby using a video directedby Guillermo del Toro.Hello, I am, uh, film directorGuillermo del Toro.Uh, when I was a young boy,I fell in love with monsters.Frankenstein's monster,King Kong, Son of Kong,Nosferatu, Godzilla,Mechagodzilla,Godzilla's nephew Godzooky,Mothra the caterpillar,Mothra the moth,the Blob from The Blob...and Godzilla's cousin,Sheldon Godzilla.Lesser knownbut equally horrifying.Monsters, yes.But they are capable of love.Which brings usto Montgomery Burns.Oh, hello.Did someone mention me?From birth, he was not wanted.Then came the real monsters:the bullies that hated himjust because he was wealthy.And maybe he rubbed it ina little.But no one knowsthe real Mr. Burns.I love Señor Burns.Who are you?He combines the ancient evilof Cthulhuwith the trim physiqueof Slender Man.Señor Burns demonstratesthat in all so-called monstersbeats a heart.Thank you for listening.And thank you,Georgia Film Commission,for the 22% discount.I'll see you whereverfree people congregate.Like the Yale Club.Wow. Maybe I've beenall wrong about evil.Once again, Mr. del Torostripped away the darknessand found beauty at its core.Like that fish-snuggling movie.Excuse me.Ah... you told me you'venever been to Missouri.You're right, honey.Hollywood can solve anything.Except its own lackof creativity and diversity.Now, how do we make this thing?I think we should usea videographer.There's one left in town.I will do anythingfor your wedding video.Color, black and white, orPolaroid Swinger, cha cha cha.I gotta warn you,my camera hand is shakybecause I havea major vitamin E deficiency.No problemo.It works fine if you justnod your head like this...You know, we couldjust do it ourselves.Yeah. Those are the wordsthat are killing my profession.Now you say nice thingsabout me.So what is ityou're looking for?Words or something?Uh, human words?Okay, uh, Homer Simpson,uh, well, real family man.Yeah. Always brings his kidsinto the bar.Not one of them aristocratswho gets all bent out of shapewhen there's a mousein his beer.Hey, Moe. I need you to file aserial number off a wheelchair.Cut!Hmm... Homer Simpson?How can I put this?Ah, we've never had an employeeget rehired so many times.Homer Simpson has two childrenenrolled in our school.That's all I'mcomfortable saying.All right, let's seewhat you got.I had to edit a little.Homer Simpson. Family man.Happy. Aristocrat.Too. Cool. Comfortable.Homer is a...grace to the family.He is an ape... le father.I warned Marge... marry him.That's the best you can do?I'm screwed!Not while I can useFinal Cut Pro.We'll start from scratch.Using the only two thingspeople still believe in:babies and dogs.Sorry, Snowball,cats are polarizing.Please...just give us somethingwe can use.We're ready.Oh, now the dogwon't cooperate.There's a trick that alwaysworks with Kevin James.♪ I think I'll colorthis man father... ♪He's a guy who gets off at 5:00and comes directly hometo be with his kids.♪ Said I'm gonnacolor him father ♪♪ Color him father... ♪He's incredibly generousto his friends and neighbors.In his spare time,he loves PTA meetings.Helping with the Cub Scouts.Or just going to the movies.This is Maggie, our baby.And she understandswhat's going on.She's never said a word,but I get the feelingshe wants to say something now.Nee... Da... dy.What a man.And now we pray.Bless us, O Lord,for this bountiful feast...Not that prayer.I must say, I am impressed.So, unless the prosecution hasa rebuttal, I'm inclined to...Not... so... fast.Do you have a video, too?No, that would be pretentious.- Very well, then.- I have a speech.- Comic book sales isa very fragile field.Kids hate to read,the stores smell like fartsand bubble gum...Then the things I cherish most--my father's car,my precious, precious comic,and most important,my dignity-- were taken from me.I'm just your ordinarysmall businessman.Never took anything from anyone.But I did dare to thinkI would be treated with respect.I have so many fictional heroes,Your Honor.For once, pleasegive me a real one.Best. Courtroom speech. Ever.Yes!I will rendermy sentence tomorrow.I thank you.Good night.Boom.Wait, wait, wait.Do you want to go to a movie?I'll go to a moviewith you, Judge.- You won't be available.- Oh.Dad, the computer says...That computer has brought menothing but troubleand sports scoreswhile I'm at church!A store in Ogdenvillejust put upthe same Radioactive Man comicthat we destroyedin perfect condition.It's my last hope at freedom.I mean, how much couldan old comic cost?- Are you done?- No.You can't be closed.It's Tuesday at 4:30!Do you not see the "closed" signwritten in Wakandan?And I wasted high schoollearning German.Was fur eine Schande!Well, German is Earth's closestlanguage to Klingon.Come on in.What do you want?I'm extremely busy.Mm-hmm.I want to talk to you.I see we have reached theepilogue of our little drama.No, not the epilogue.Still plot. Still plot!Look, I know we've hadour differences,but we can still be friends.Like when Superman teamed upwith Lex Luthor.That was an imaginary storywritten by Harlan Ellisonbecause he wanted to get fired.Well, maybe this willtickle your ponytail.The Ogdenville copy!It lives!Am I forgiven?I'm afraid not. No.I don't have a choice.The grudge is still inside me.Which is also the name ofa low-budget Roger Corman movie.Oh! What does it take?How to explainwhat I am feeling.Uh... look around.What do you see?Uh... a bunch of stuffthat other people threw out?Like a mirror,you see everythingbut understand nothing.Get out.Let's go.Oh, my God! Oh!Is that a season oneWelcome Back, Kotter key chain?It is! The proof...a John Travoltawho is happy to be there!How did you get this?Did I ever tell youabout my Uncle Max?He was the halfbackin the family.If you gave him a sandwich,you got half back.This is for you, son.Don't say I nevergave you nothing.Are you gonna give meanything else?Nope. One thing.Homer, when you lookat your precious totem there,how does it make you feel?I never thought of it before.I touch it all the time.I feel unhappyif I don't have it.Sometimes I dream about it.I think I love it!Well put. Now understand this.Dah!That is how you made me feel!Now you see.And you may considerthe charges dropped.Let us shake hands,drink rice wine,and enjoy Swedish Fish candy.Are you saying I'm off the hook?Yes.In fact, you may be surprised,but you are now my best friend.So I'm not going to prison?No, you are goingto Comic-Con with me.Oh. Hmm.Let me see, let me see.Dad, just say yes.Is prison still an option?No. Not until you hold downHarrison Fordwhile I clip offhis fingernails.Let's get to it.- What's this?- Mitigation video.When I first met Bart, I wasjust a nerdy kid with glasses.But now thisblue-haired butterfly'sready to emerge from his pupa!Simpson, you thinkthis is helping you?Skinner's a jerk.Skinner's a jerk.Skinner'sa jerk. Skinner's a jerk.Skinner's a jerk.Skinner'sa jerk.Skinner's a jerk.Shh!