*THE SIMPSONS*Season 30 Episode 17Episode Title: "E My Sports"Sorry, Dad,but it looks likeI've conquered you at Risk,- bankrupted you at Monopoly...- Hmm. Hmm.And aggravated youat Aggravation.Well, with youas a daughter,I'm a winnerin the game of Life.Although, I lost that,too.Such a good father.Everyone is reallygetting along.


What the hell is going on?There's no Bart.- Ughm! You're right.- Where is he?Ladies, relax.Remember when I saidI'd punish Bartafter he got us...banned from the buffet?I can't shut it off.Someone wedged a seasonalTuscan focaccia in the lever!Well, Homie, whatever punishmentyou gave him must have worked.Yep, tough love. I'm his father,not his best friend.He'll hate me now,but somedayhe'll say wonderful thingsabout meto people on airplaneswho just want to go to sleep.


- That young man will...- How did you punish him?Well, I sat the boy down,looked him straight in the eye,and bought him a top-of-the-linecomputer gaming rig.- You what?- I get it. You bribed him.Stay out of this.I did not bribe him.I addicted him to somethingthat will numb his spirituntil he's no longerour responsibility.Well, it has beenpretty peaceful around here.Kill! Die! Die!Get wrecked, newbs!This is General Splattin'. Do you copy?- Copy.- Copy. - Copy.Jinx. You me a Coke.Oh! I'll never be ableto pay that bet.Focus, Nelson, focus.Kite the enemy into a gank.Squeeze it...on three... two...GG!That means "good game."It's how the other teamlets you know... they surrender!Mm.Now I hit control-sixto defile their corpses.Haw-haw! Haw-haw!Haw-haw!Civilized annihilation.Marge, the boy just may belearning some life skills.Mom, do you agree with this?I guess so. Your father is showingan interest in Bart, which is good.Well, if that's howthings work,then I'm gonna behave badly, too.- That's great!- Sure you are.I'll show you! I'm gonna...tear up my homework.I'm really gonna do this.Here I go.Um. Actually, thisbibliography could be improved.Island of the Blue Dolphins.Ibid. Ibid. Ibid. Ibid.Op cit. Ibid. Ibid. Ibid.Ibid. Ibid. Ibid.Bart's been in the showerfor an hour.With a young man that age,there's only one reasonhe's in the bathroom that long.Skunk sprayed him good.Oh, my God, he's playing with himself!On that game.He's playing that game in the shower?We have to stop this right now.Homer, take care of your son.Make him quit. Geez.Sorry, boy, I have to put my foot down.I can't quit now.My team's about to competein a tournament.I can't let them down.Well, team building is important.All right, let yourself go, andyour partner will support you.Damn you, Homer!Please, Dad, can I playin this one last tournament?Sorry, boy, you're through.First prize is a thousand bucks.You get paid to play video games?A thousand bucks.- They actually pay you?- Yes.- In dollars?- Yes.- To play a video game?- That's right.- They pay you in cash?- Yes, yes, yes!- How much?- A thousand!All right. Do not tell your mom,but I'm gonna say yes,one last tournament.Oh, thank you, Dad.Just one thing... they actually pay you?Yes!A thousand dollarsto play video games?Group up.Time to put these suckers away.Oh, yeah,show me some Gs, Odgenville.We win! And it's all becauseI let them do it.Now, apparently,the Evergreen Terrors have won,uh, this thing I don'tunderstand at all,but which gave the schoolnew basketball nets.Now to hand you your prizemoney, which is $1,000 cash.Let go, Seymour.I'm telling myself to.I've never held this much moneyin my hand all at once.Let me just, uh...Look at it.$100 bill, autographedby Lawrence Summers.Such a carefree signature,before the Great Recession.Mm.Here you go, $200 each. Mm!Okay, team, take a breakand meet up for practice in 30.My dad said we could allgo to Krusty Burger.Is he giving us a discount?No, he just said we could go.It'll be nice to havesome kids in there again,after what the monkey did duringthat birthday party.Whatever. Just meet in 30.Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.You know what, kids?I'm gonna blow your mindswith a little bit of hard-earned advice:- Quit while you're ahead.- Huh?We can't quit. There'sso many more tournaments.You won one video game tournament.This isn't likebaseball or politicswhere you can makereal money.You only have one childhood,kids. Enjoy it.Okay, but becausewe came in firstwe qualified for a tournamentwhere we could win $500,000.Childhood's over.It's time for work.Hmm.Hmm?That's right, sweetie.I'm going to make your brothera champion.Knock off that racket!You're gonna defy Mom?- Sit on my knee, boy.- I think I'm too old.You're never too oldto sit on Daddy's knee.Ow, my knee!Get off! Get off!Son, here's a life lesson:I don't directly tellyour mother anything bad.I secretly make her a partof everything she's against.That's why I spentyour winnings on her.Honey, I got you a present.An espresso pod machine,like the one I made fun ofat the Hibberts'.Because you wanted it yourself.Let me pod you, my dear.Ooh! What's the occasion?The occasion is thatI haven't beenas good of a father as I should.Yes. Well, no, uh...Don't argue. It's true.I need to get more involvedin Bart's life,so I've decidedto be his coach.That's wonderful. Coaching what?Oh, I haven't landed on it yet.Football, chess,maybe even a silly video game.It doesn't matter.Have some coffee.I love how it doesn't fill the cup.Very European. Mmm.- It's a video game.- What?I guess if you're spendingtime together, what's the harm?Look who's a dad.Look who's a dad.I knew you'd be cool with it.Also, I hired a video gameexpert to tutor Bart.His name is The Detonator."I can't make conversationunless it's about gaming."Do you want to come in?Do you want to go wherethey're playing the game?Thank you, ma'am.Homer, I've watched Bart play...here, on his Twitch feed,and his HitForm, InstaBox,Gibtrack, Buzuba,and YergaPunch streams.Hmm, the only word I recognizedwas Gibtrack.I think Bart has what it takesto be top ten.- Players? In the country?- Bigger.- The galaxy?- Smaller.- World?- Yes.Whoo-hoo.Kids, make sure you'rein a chair that spins.You're all gonna get a lessonfrom The Detonator.Let's jump into a battle.To start, Bart and Nelson,we'll put you up front,and we'll back you upwith Sophie and Milhouse.Booyah!Notice myfinger is clicking the mousewith a light, quick stroketo limit joint fatigueand tracking error.I'm clicking likethe mouse button is hot.Not too hot; like the top of a toasterafter an underdone bagel.Okay, now I'm using that quickmouse stroke here and here,which is how, Bart,you should drop diamonite minesto surround their spawn points.Milhouse, make sureou're in positionto respond toenemy aggression.Sophie, when they maketheir move, go in and engage.My dad's been engaged 20 times.I know what to do.Okay, now we're enteringthe mid-game,where it's important to keepfocusing on major objectivesand control the map.Okay, Homer, you watch thescreen while I take a quick A.P.What's an A.P.?It's a gamer abbreviationfor "a pee."Nerd lingo.Saves so much time.All right, I'm walkingthrough the kitchen, blue-hairedwoman is feeding a baby.I'm making eye contact.Your shoes havelace holes but no laces.Linoleum, linoleum.Strafing into the bathroom,gonna go into defuel mode.Lifting seat with shoe.Pro tip: Going overthe belt saves time.Shaking, flushingand hand washingare the real time killers.Once I cut those out,my lag time went way down.Okay, these Water Mageshave fuel tanks on their backs,so you can't hit themwith standard spells,but if I equip this staff thatlets me cast lava quadballs...I mistimed it. Oh, God,I mistimed. They killed me.Do you mindif I dance over your corpse?I'd be mad if you didn't.- It's over for me.- Why?I just lost my gaming edge.Right there, just now.Been in the zone for years,and now I'm not.Time in a bottle, man,time in a bottle.But you were gonna moldmy team into winners,and I was gonna livethrough them.Just yesterday,I turned 19.Made it longer than mostin this crazy biz.Anyway, I'm gonna go work formy uncle.He owns a tile store.It'll be a good life.Good enough.Sucks to be old.I didn't cryat my grandpa's funeral,mostly because he was racist,but I'm crying now.He taught us all he could.Now it's up to me.- Do we get uniforms?- No. No uniforms.You're a ragtag bunchwithout any sponsorsthat'll have everyonerooting for you.Are you kids ready to turnthis thing you likeinto something that will consumeevery waking minute?- Maybe!- Hit the music!Kids, you need to practice10,000 hours to get great.Are you sure?It's how long Malcolm Gladwellneeded to think it up.♪ Bart is a champion ♪♪ Which makes me a champion ♪- ♪ I am the champion of the... ♪- Homer.- ♪ World. ♪- Yes, Marge?I've noticed how much timeyou've been spending with Bart.I know what's coming.I'm riding him too hard,and you want me to pull back.- No.- What the...?Honestly, I worryso much about that boy,I'm afraid he's going towind up in jail.Marge, his kill count is 98%.Guys like that don'tend up in jail.And I promise you,I willcoach him as hard as I can.But will you also coach himto be a good man?That's Flanders' job.- I'm on it.- Aw.Mm.Homer Simpson?Go right in.Welcome, Homer.Welcome to the club of dadswho live through theirglorious athletic children.Tiger Woods' father.Hey, I have a name,although I've forgotten it.Okay, so it's 5:00in the morning.My son is four.He hits the boardsand starts bleeding.His elbow's stickingout of his skin.Ew!Yeah, I got my camera,and he says,"Daddy,what are you doing?"I said, "I'm filming the lasttime you are ever gonna cry."- Oh, that is great.- Ha. Excellent coaching.Really? It's not mean?Homer, we'reobsessive sports fathers,so we're gonnateach you how to motivate- the only way we know how.- Don't hit me.Oh, we're gonna hit you, all right.With a song.♪ Never wanted Roland-Garros ♪♪ Never made it to the show ♪♪ Never won the Stanley Cup trophy ♪♪ For five years in a row ♪♪ There's nothing in our livesthat we ever really did ♪♪ Except madeour child a superstar ♪♪ And lived through our kid ♪♪ Live, live through your kid ♪♪ Wake him up at 5:00 ♪♪ Live, live through your kid ♪♪ It's the only way to feel alive ♪♪ Strap himto a hockey stick ♪♪ While he is still asleep in bed ♪♪ Build a scary dragonto fire tennis balls ♪♪ Right at his head ♪♪ There's no trainingthat's too torturous ♪♪ Or cruel to play this game ♪♪ Because when they winat Pebble Beach ♪♪ You share in the fame ♪♪ Live, live through your kid,homeschooled by his mom ♪♪ Live, live through your kid ♪♪ They'll surely come to hate you ♪♪ But that's later on ♪♪ There is absolutely nothing like ♪♪ Living through ♪♪ Your kid. ♪This is still part of the dream,Homer.No uniforms?I'm rooting forthose underdogs.- Yay!- Yay!Yes, you are,and you don't even know why.I just said,it's the no uniforms.Not a clue.Poke and harness those trolls.On it. Nelson,get ready to back me upin case their heroesengage on me.On my way.- It's a trap!- They're ganking me.Damn it, they got me.Respawning in 30.They're control-sixingmy corpse.We're gonna win.It's coming, Gordy.Hold on a minute.Bart Simpson has not giventhe "GG."And the diamonite minehe planted in the dragon turdsis exploding now.Springfield is goingto the world championshipsin Seoul, South Korea,while the Canadian team is out.- Huh?- "Out"?Ha! "Oot."Yo, what the...? Oh, come on,what's that all about?And I am, too.This is the last matchI'll announce.I'm going to spendmy time oil painting,but my wife says not in the house.Hey, sweetie, what's going on?I'm only talking to you nowto prove a point.You've been spendingall your time with Bart,and you haven't paidany attention to me at all.And I know you're just gonnarespond with a,"That's nice, honey,"and move on. I know it.That's nice, honey.Bart and I aregoing to South Korea.It'll be great, Lisa.We'll have girls time here.Bake cookies,see the movies we want to see.Mom, I try to spare you becauseI don't want you feelingthoroughly appropriate guiltfor what this family does to me,but now one of my dreamsis within my grasp.See?I want to go to South Korea, tothe Jogyesa Buddhist monastery,because they teach somethingthere so special, so magic,it could be life-changing.It just never seemed possible,and I had to accept it.I'm holding onto a thin rope here,because if Bart and Dad goto Seoul and I miss out,I'll lose my grip.I'm losing it now!Hear me, hear me, dear God,someone hear me.Help me before it's too late!Girls trip to South Korea.Oh, thank you, Mom.I'm going down to the basementto get my happy diary.You do that.Pretzels, M&M's, Pringles.It's a complete Thanksgiving dinner.Pringles are for champions only.Milhouse, can I have a word with you?Oh, no.This is never, ever good.Don't worry.This will be good.I lied. This is really bad.Son, the rules saythat we get to swap inone player for this round,and I'm asking you to step down.I'm always the onethat has to step down.That's why I chose you.- You've got rejection muscle.- Fine.Good boy. You're our Rudy.- Rudy got to play.- I didn't say which Rudy.Can't you give me a pity job,like scorekeeper?Fine, you're scorekeeper.I don't want your pity job.Dad, I think you needa little more salt in your diet.Where are you taking us?You know,I don't want to be here.Shh. We're here.Are you sure these are safe here?No, this whole temple is a scamto collect smelly shoes.I knew it.This is whatI was talking about.These are salt mandalas.This will change our lives.Start pouring the salt.Yum. Mm.That's so beautiful.I finally understandwhy you had to come here.So how do we get it home?I worry about it in my carry-on.I'm gonna need a lot of glue.- We don't. We destroy it.- What?To prove attachment to anymaterial pursuit is meaningless.I'll start.Mom, you're tidying it.Destroy it.Are you happy now? Because...I am.Yes. You've achieved Zen.Now you just have to dotwo more.- Hmm.- I'm gonna go check on Dad.You have been wastingyour talents bowling.You have to destroy it.Never! Never! Never!Damn it!Now do you see it?Do you see the meaninglessnessof striving for worldly things?I do.I am going to stop beingso driven and ambitious...Don't you laugh, Missy.Amazing Zen.He's like the reincarnationof the Buddha.It is the Buddha.Great. Now I feel guiltyI stole his shoes.We're in the late game,and the Evergreen Terrorshave a narrow leadagainst the Brazilian Blowouts, but...where is Coach Homer Simpson?Competition is meaningless.To strive is to fail.Out of nowhere,the mind comes forth.And a third thing.Time for the lava quadball.We're gonna win.Dad's crazy coaching worked.If I win, I'll be the mostfamous girl gamer of all time.Also, if I lose.So beautiful. Must destroy.No! Not now.The match is canceled.No refunds.Send in the riot police.Uh, welcome to our19-hour-and-45-minute flightfrom Seoul, South Koreato Springfield.One brief note: Our in-flightentertainment systemis not working at all.Have a great flight, folks.Also, we're out of almonds.Zen. Remember your Zen.I'm sorry, you're too fat for coach.We'll have to put you in first class.Thanks to Buddha, I win again.Dad, I don't think you've quitegrasped the religion.Two words: Boo-duh.We don't want you anymore.You blew it.Your son has a chanceto be well-adjusted.Yeah, great.Wait, I've got a baby daughter.Maybe she's good atbeach volleyball.How old is she?- One.- Too late.