♪ ♪(shrieks)(school bell rings)(belches)(tires screech)D'oh!(grunts)(applause)(stammers): You sit on me.There's a remote in my crack.Uh, Problems I Have!


I could use a slip cover.Um, uh,Things Your Sister Would Say!No. Uh...(gasps)You haven't replaced mesince 1989.Things a Couch Would Say!- Yes!- (bell dinging)♪ ♪Hopefully, we won't be outtoo late, Shauna.(Valley girl accent):Whatever.And just for the night,could you lose the tongue ring?Whatever.Homer, is it too lateto change babysitters?Yes.


So I'll have to stay home.I don't think we have to--Homer.Yes, Marge?!We both have to goto Drug Awareness Night!(sighs)I guess we have no choice.Here's the numberfor the poison control center,the allergy hotline,and, if the kids misbehave,Papa John's Pizza.Don't worry, Mrs. Simpson.We'll take great careof your kids."We"?Uh, me and God.Okay, then.We'll see you soon.(moaning)Want to watch videosof pythons swallowing stuff?Uh, can't we watch somethingwith kittens?Oh, there's kittens in there.(kitten meows)This is pointless.We learned all the newdangerous drugs last year:sprack, zup, borzo,and crystal bam.I hearthey're mixing bam with zup.Interesting.Bam and zup.(chuckles)This seminar's already payingfor itself.Homer Simpson,are you watching footballthrough your pants pocket?But do you know how much loveis lost between these teams?None!Turn it off!This bag of concentrated deathis what the kids todaycall "blizzard."Allow me to demonstrate.On Skin-ner!Superintendent,I-I must protest.I'm an educational professionalwho...- (grunting)- That's a good boy.Take your medicine.(inhales, sighs)Oh, let's get out of here.I guess we can watchthe PowerPoint presentationin bed tonight.Oh, that sounds magical.(quietly):Just don't be conspicuous.(phone ringing)Ooh, it's Lenny.Homer, I found my birth mom!Her name is Cheryl, andshe wants nothing to do with...(Marge groans)(gasps)A wedding expo!Marge, there is no wayI'd ever be interested in--Is there a girl in that cake?No, just cake.Oh... that is so sexy.After you, Marge.Ooh, a wedding expo!It's like goingto a thousand weddings at once.Sneaking in will be the mostromantic thing we've ever done.More than our real wedding?A thousand times more.I was pregnant,and you had a fever of 103.103.4.Aw, you remembered.("Allegro Non Molto" fromVivaldi's Four Seasons playing)(sniffles)It's so beautiful.(sniffles)Oh.Even the prenups are gorgeous.(techno music playing)Your bride will look radiantnext to these hideousbridesmaids dressesmade in colorsknown to scare seagulls.Oh, so beautiful!Come back here, you.You've got 12 more drugsto test.I both see and am God.(suspenseful music playing)Who will protect mewhen you die?Nothing's gonna happen to...(grunts)Does this house have a mixer?We could make face cookies.(chuckles)Aw! You're gonna makesuch a good dad.(moaning)(groans)I feel like a walk.You want to take a walk?I feel glued to my seatfor reasons I don't understand.It's all over, sweetheart.The curse is broken.Grandma will take care of youfrom now o...- (groans)- (buzzing)Ah!Come on!(Shauna giggling)JIMBO:Let's see if we can both fitin Homer's underwear.This is very sobering.Why did we thinkthis would be cool?What are you kidsdoing out so late?Babysitter party at our house.Why don't you come insidefor a mug of cocoa?- (ding)- Coco-nut, that is,to fill your bellywith much-needed potassium.(chuckles):Grins, people.Thanks.Potassi-yum.This was a great idea.It's like all the funof a weddingwithout the boredomof a wedding!And who are you two?Um, why, we're...wedding planners!Yes, and we're wonderingabout your products.(giggles)For our clients.Well, the Toast Masteris an AI-powered microphonethat guaranteesyour best man's toastwill be heartwarmingand tasteful,no matter how drunkor passive-aggressive he is.Ooh. Give it a try, Homie.Oh, I couldn't.Pretend one of my sistersis getting married.That hairy-legged ashtray?Give me the mic.When I hearda guy was marrying Selma,- I thought, That poor...- MALE VOICE: Genius.- ...must be...- Fully sighted.- ...and...- Not marrying herto harvest her organs.(laughs)Thank God. The Heffernans.Oh, right. That's me.D.R. Heffernan.- (quietly): That's "Doctor."- Right.Dr. D.R. Heffernan.The keynote speechis in two minutes.- What's a keynote speech?- (chuckles)Imagine Dr. Heffernan asking mewhat a keynote speech is.This way.Finally, things are looking upfor the personI'm pretending to be.(laughter)And the number onenew wedding trend is...True love!AUDIENCE:True love! True love!Buy our book if we have one.I'm starting to thinkthat's not Dr. Heffernan.(moaning)(chuckles)What a...(moans)...perfect night.You wait here while I go...(seductively):pay the babysitter.- (laughter)- (loud music playing)I'm not paying you!Get out of my house!-Later.-And now, my lady,to the boudoir,which I believeis somewhere near the bedroom.(chuckles):Ooh!Ooh!(grunts)Have I picked you up yet?I can't te-- Oh!(strained):You're so light!(grunting)- Ow!- (inhales deeply)(strained):Perfect end to...perfect night!Voulez-vous coucher avec...- (cracking, popping)- (screams)(grunting)- What the?! (shouting)- Ow!(both groaning)I guesswe should stop listening now.No one's making you stay.Marge, I'm afraid your daysof walking are over.Oh, my God!For about 36 hours.By then, this mild ankle sprainshould be good as new.It's my fault.Homie wouldn't have dropped meif I hadn't put on a few pounds.Nonsense. It's not your faultyou're married to a...this.(moans)And it was sucha good date night.Well, now it's a hernia morning.See, you've got a tearin your abdominal walland a section of your intestinehas pushed through.Aren't you going to chuckle?An inguinal herniais no laughing matter.(chuckles)"Inguinal."Will I need surgery?Possibly. But don't be alarmed.It's just some scalpel workaround your scrotum.(groans)- (engine revs, tires screech)- A little more.- (engine revs, tires screech)- Little more.- (engine revs, tires screech)- Little more...No, those are the wipers!Oh, you just called OnStar.Now, look, you two,you're not kids anymore.Listen to your body.It'll tell you what to do.(engine revs, tires screech)WOMAN:OnStar operator.What is your emergency?Every comedianI thought is funnyis dead.♪ The Itchy and Scratchy Show! ♪Hmm. "Possible side effectsmay include hallucinations..."(angrily):...mm, "irritability,inability to fo... cus."Blah, blah, blah."Do not mix with alcohol"?Fine, I'll drink it separately.Boy, get me a beer.- (Bart humming)- (grunting)- Huh? What are you doing?- (chuckles)Helping you get better.I was watching Animal Planet,and they said,if it can't reach its own food,the hippo dies.Why, you little...!(chuckles)Bart, honey,your father and I need youto be a little more grown-up.Can you do that?I bet you can.You got it, Mom.(humming)Honey, I signed us up forphysical therapy this afternoon.They sound terrific.Even booking the appointment,they told me, "Great job."Absolutely.I want to get better.I really do.I know you do.We'll start tomorrow.Mwah.MALE VOICE:I would cautionagainst physical therapy.Guys like usdon't look good in shorts.Oh, why is it never hair growth?It's me, your hernia.Homer, your doctor told youto listen to your body.And I am telling you,just take it easy.Are you sure?I just promised Marge.Take it from your hernia.(giggles)(Marge grunting)(New Zealand accent):Oh, you've got this, Marge!Now, focus on your co-ah.I guess I've beenneglecting my key-aah.Is it this?No. All I can say is,if you have a muscleand you know what it does,then that is not the co-ah.Oh, the core.Right, that'swhat I said-- co-ah.Now, what sports are wegettin' you ready for, Marge?Rollerblading? Uh, Muay Thai?No, nothing like that.I only have to bein good enough shapeto take careof an immobile 240-pound man.Ah, so Homer isn't coming, eh?You know,I could go to him at work.Oh, he's gotenough stress at work.All right, well,we'll get you into something.Uh, mountain biking?Free bouldering?I got it. Marge, we are goingto get you kitesurfing!Kitesurfing?I could do that with Homie.(alarm blares)You know what?I'm not letting Homerdrag me down this time.Yes, I want to learnkitesurfing.♪ Let's go kitesurfing now ♪♪ Middle-aged ladieslearning how ♪♪ Come on Kitesurf-ariwith me... ♪Kitesurfing's a simple sport.All you need isthe wind and the waves.And a spreader-bar, bindings,impact vest, chicken loop,donkey stick, squirrel clip,and, of course, parking pass.Yeah, ruiningpeople's day at the beach.We are worse than sandin a hot dog, eh, Lou?You know there'sa double murder downtown?Well, now it's a triple,'cause you just killed my day.Keep the kite swooping, Marge.Follow the timing of my pecs.Left, right, left, right,left, left, right...Ah. Don't look mein the eyes, Marge.My pecs are down here.There you are.Left, right,left, left, right...So, Mom is kitesurfingwhile Dad is eatingthree desserts.Oh, your grandma and Ihad our differences,but we stopped arguing when shedisappeared for three decades.Oh.Oh, it's so niceto get an evening outjust with you.Can I get you a baby chair?No? You're good?Homer's-a talking to nobody.The Cat Ladyis eating with cats.Ralph is in-a the lobster tank?I'm expensive.Homer, you're doing great.Look at those guys--eating half portions,trying to stay fit.They're just settingthemselves up to meet my buddiesTorn ACL and Pinched Nerve.Now, you, you're smart.The most strenuous thingyou're gonna dois fart"The Star Spangled Banner."Mm, that's gota difficult range.Is there an easier anthem?Hey, the riskiest thingwe're gonna do is have lasagna.We just had lasagna.Have it again!Nobody's gonna stop you.I love you.Who are you?Cirrhosis. What's it to ya?Homer, I'm going to the beach.I packed lunch for twoif you want to come.Oh, the beach.Sure. Let's get sunstroke,a hyperextended tendon,and wrap it up by gettingdecapitated by a Frisbee.Hard pass.Sorry, Marge. Hard pass.(sighs) It's been so longsince you made a move on me.Or any move.Um, how aboutif I drone you a kiss?(kiss)(horn honks)Hurry up, Marge.We're gonna catch big airall morning,sleep all afternoon,then boil a sheep for breakfast.I'm still on New Zealand time.Been here 12 yearsbut can't shake it.Please, Homer,you're my husband.Get up and live.Sorry, Marge.I got to go with my gut.- (yawns)- (blows raspberry)If you don't come after me,there's a big problem.The drone doesn't count.Hey. Can you watch the kidsthis afternoon?Sorry, Marge.Hernia.We make quite a team.Who are you talking to?Hey, I do not have voicesin my head.(quietly):They're in my crotch.- (giggles)- Ooh!Just call my sistersto watch the kids.(snoring)Let's drop him in the woodsand see if he canfind his way back.Our parents are drifting apart.And as much asI don't enjoy doing this,I need the adviceof the only couple we knowthat seems to like each other.I'm stuck with you.Relationshipsare simple, really.Like, if Shauna's best friendTiffany comes on to me,I make out with Shauna,but I pretend it's her friend.Aw.(moaning)Tiffany. Oh, yeah.Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.Guys. Guys, guys, guys.Let's focus!Focus.Please give me something useful.Okay. Your parentshave just got to findsomething they both like doing.Like, I like laughing at losers.And I make losers happen.- (grunts)- (laughing)(moaning)(gasps)Common interests!Of course.TV ANNOUNCER:Back now to live coverageof Little XII college golfon ESPN-D3-2,your second homefor Division III sports.Dad, can you drive usdown to the beach?I have a school project on...sea turtles.Don't listen to them.You can see me?!It's always the babies.Hey. Where are the turtles?There are no turtles, Homer.It's a trick.These kids are trying to helpyou, 'cause they love you.So there never were turtles?No turtles!I'm starting to thinkthere were no turtles.(gasps)Marge.She looks so beautiful.I've been such a fool.And you forgot to geta parking pass. Heh.Our work is done, Lou.(shudders):Oh...I'll never letmyself go like that!I'm-a comin', Marge!Ew! Gross!Homer, you're making me mad.And if there's one thingyou don't want to aggravate,it's a hernia!I'm Marge's husband, Homer.Homer! Good-o!Would you like meto rehab you at work?I could come right to you.Same price.Maybe. But now I needyour biggest, fastest kite.- The Widdamaka?- What?Can you say thatwithout an accent?-(without accent):The Widowmaker.-Oh! That's scary!- Back to the accent!- The Widdamaka.I'll take it!When I got married,I took a vow:"Something, something, somethingtill death something."(yelps)Homer! Rooster your gimbal!Rooster your gimbal!What does that mean?!Pull the rope!The other rope.Homie!You came for me!And I'll never leave you.Except right nowwhen the wind blows me(fading):God knows where....They're headed for a wind farm!(both gasp)BOTH:Whoa...!(kiss)Whoa...!(kiss)Whoa...!(New England accent):Well, Mother,looks like we caughta couple more kiteboarders.- I'll get the big ladder.- I'll tell the hospitaltheir power's gonna be downfor a while.Strong woman, I love you.(exhales)And I love you.And never againwill I listen to a doctor.Wait, that's not the takeaway.Takeaway?That's a good idea!Yello? Pizza Palace?Can I geta Henry the Eight-Inch Pizzawith extra meat?And a sideof chocolate cheesy bread?No such thing.- Can you make it anyways?- (groans)Chief, I've got to make dinnerfor my kids. Could you please- tell me what this is about?- Like most physical therapistsin America, this manis actually a Russian spy.Nigel is a spy?Dimitri Nigelovonovitch.Did you ever wonderwhy he was so interestedin seeing your husband at work?I thoughtit was close to his house.Didn't you ever ask yourselfhow a beach bum like himcould afford a top-of-the-line2007 Saturn SUVwith a full spare tire?I guess I didn't want to know.Just thank God, thank God yourhusband is entrapping him now.Homer, I just needa few pictures of...the co-ah.- The what?- Goo-ah.- The car?- Goo-ah.Like a crow? Caw?Co-ahr-car?(Russian accent): Damn it.Show me your reactor core.All units, move in!("Theme fromMission: Impossible" playing)♪ ♪Captioning sponsored by20th CENTURY FOX TELEVISIONFOX BROADCASTING COMPANYAnd FORD.We go further, so you can.Shh!