- Mmm. Bleh.- D'oh!(phone ringing)Y'ello.Dad, I'm sleeping overat Milhouse'sand I can't take it.Come on, Bart, read me to sleep.And do the voices.(high-pitched voice):"I'm ruler,"(normal voice):said Yertle.(high-pitched voice):"Of all that I see."Could we try that again?


And hit "I'm" a little harder."I'm ruler,"(normal voice): said Yertle.Faster and this timehit "said."(normal voice):That makes no sense.Okay, we'll do it your way,then my way,and I'll see what worksin editing. (chuckles)Dad, get me outta here.Sorry, boy,you know the rule.Accept the invite,stay the night.(phone ringing)Hello, Yertle. (laughs)(gasps) Oh. Oh, my God.I-I'll be on the next plane.(whimpers): Oh.


What's wrong, honey?My Aunt Eunice is dying.I have to leave right away.HOMER:Oh, poor Marge.Wait. She said "I," not "we."I don't have to go.(laughing)(sobbing)Aw, you love her, too.(laughing, sobbing)Sweetie, do you want to come?Uh, uh, w-with all my heart.Uh, but the children need me.(clock ticking)(crying) Oh.(phone ringing)Y'ello.BART (over phone):Dad, I am begging you.Who is this?MARGE (sighs):Okay.I made a loafof peanut butter and jelly.You just have to slice itinto sandwiches every day.- Check.- I set the Roomba upto cope with your cleaning.(motor whirring)- Check.- I made a welcome wagon basketfor our new neighborsfrom Eastern Europe.- Check.- Not Czech, Slovenian.- Check.- (car horn honking)One last thing--this is very important, Homer.The new season of Odder Stuffdrops on Netflix tonight.Ooh, ooh. Something to do.Do not watch it without me.What? Why not? I have to see ifmy fan theories are correct.(loud whisper):I think it's set in the '80s.- (car horn honks)- Homer, the nine hourswe binge watch that showtogether is our thing.And we don't havea lot of things.But holding handsin a darkened roomwith my head on your shoulderhas become the gluethat seals our love.I get it.I totally get it.I know I'm not perfect.Sometimes I forgetour marriage birthday.- Our anniversary?- Yes.And sometimes I forgetyour birth anniversary,but I promise I will not watchour show without you.Thank you, Homie.AUNT EUNICE:Thank you girls for coming.Dearest, you were alwaysour favorite aunt.Psst, over here.When she's gone,I get the P's,Selma gets the S's.You get to notify the utilities.Can't this wait untilafter she's dead?I'll be too busy grieving.Yeah. Too busy grievingI got the salt shaker. (laughs)Easy-peasy."P" for salt, "S" for pepper.I'm walking towards a light...- Uh-huh.- Uh-huh....with a Post-it on it.(grunts)Uh-oh.Okay, sweetie, here's a bookthat can help you fall asleep.No, no, no. No, sweetie.You chew it, like this. Look.(munching)Yummy book. Mmm.Oh. (moaning)Hey. (chuckles)(moaning)- (spooky music playing)- (snoring)Hey, what?Huh.What's this?What are you doing?!You guys can't watch this.Uh, no.You can't watch this.We didn't promise Mom nothing.(both laugh)Children, there are 400 showsyou could watch right now.Many with Ted Danson.(growling, hissing)- (whimpers)- (growling)Wait for me.(whimpering)MARGE:This show you can watch.Too depressing.(bird caws)(spooky music playing)Oh. Ah! No.Must find place to avoidpop culture discussions.I know. The watercooler.- ...the Semi-Gorgon.- ...so many twists.- I know.- ...set in the '80s.And the Guffer Brothers.My turn to talk abouthow much I liked it.Shouldn't doing something nicefor your wifefeel better than this?Homer, will you read myOdder Stuff fan fiction?I threw it overStephen King's fencebut I-it hit him on the head.Why Stephen King?Eh, he's got a low fence.Mmm...(gurgling)Don't worry, kids.Sideshow Mel will be fine.He has an air bubble.It's all carbon dioxide now!(bubbling)(groans)(sighs) This is the last timeI buy a trickfrom a magician's widow.Nobody's watching my show.What with the downloadingand the streaming,and the fact thateverything else is better.Now, you're my writers!You pay us like interns.And I'm your niece.- Hey-hey.- Hey-hey.Now I want ideas.Why don't we do anotherlive special?What?I can't remember lines.At my last weddingI wrote "I do"on the rabbi's forehead.You could hide a golden ticketin some candy like Willy Wonka.The only children allowedin my factoryare the ones that work there.- How 'bout we have a contest?- (Krusty groans)Some lucky kid gets to runaround a Krusty storefor five whole minutesand take all the toys they want.It inspires buying,it's easy to promote,and it's the third thingsomeone pitched.I'm sold!(spooky music playing)Let's see what elseNetflix has to offer."Because you watched an '80sshow featuring a monster..."Alf, Roseanne, Moonlighting,The Cosby Show--They're all too scary.Ooh. (whimpering):God forgive me.♪ ♪No. Only when we're together.It's our glue.Homer, I'm Ted Sarandos.Chief Content Officerof Netflix.(gulps, whimpers)This can't be a dream becauseI don't know who you are.I'm not a dream. Let's just sayI'm a manifestationof complex algorithms that knoweverything about you.Well, I can't watch thisbecause...I know. I know.Marge told you not to.Do you know thatshe's been watchingScandinavian crime dramaswith full nudity without you?That nudity is story-driven.(laughing): Yeah, right.But Odder Stuff is our thing.No. Your thing's with us.She's just along for the ride.The account's in your name.Come on, come on,watch it now.Because our subscription priceswill triple tomorrow.(spooky music playing)Wow. I finally finishedsomethingI wasn't supposed to start.That is impressive.I won't even mind watching itagain with...- MARGE: Homer?!- Uh-oh.The lady from my marriage.My aunt recovered.Why are you up at 5:00 a.m.?Still warm.You watched it.I finally learnhow little I mean to you.- Wait.- (door slams)(crying): No.Marge, I am sorry.Come on, it's a stupid TV show.I don't want to hear your voice.Mmm...No. We're staying married.Enough with the rebuses.All right, I'll just grab mypillow and sleep on the couch.-No. You'll sleepright next to me.-(sighs)Because I want you to feelthe bitter raysof ice comingfrom my frozen soul.♪ ♪(shivering)Oh. Oh.It's so bitterly cold.(grunting)MARGE:I'm fine.(Homer sighs)KRUSTY (over TV):To enter our contest,write down, in 15 words or less,why you love memore than God and America.The top three essayistswill earn a chanceto run roughshod througha Krusty storeand not get tased by security.(laughs)Whoever fills the cartwith the most toysgets to keep them, free.And the other two get the worstkind of squat: diddly.Diddly? You can't saythat word on TV.Employees and monkeys of thisnetwork are not eligible.Lis, will you writemy essay for me?What, you can't evencome up with,"I love Krusty becauseI'm a class clownand he's a clown with class"?Perfect. And the best thing isI'm stealing it from you.Ooh, that'll impress 'em.Go ahead. But there's one thingI want you to hear:when you win by cheating,eventually you lose.Wait, sorry,after you said "win,"I started thinkingabout dirt bikes.(imitating dirt bike engine)♪ ♪You cheated on your wife, Homer.I waited for Lennybefore I watched.(growling)After this,we've got a stand-up specialfrom Chris Rock.Don't watch thatwith your wife, either.(whimpering)(shouting)(muffled screaming)Quit sleeping in the garden!(snoring)- Dad?- Huh?Sweetie, everything's fine.Dad, maybe you should be talkingto someone who's older than me.Ted Sarandos?Who's Ted Sarandos?I was hoping you knew.HOMER: Forgive me, Father,for I have sinned.My son, what are your sins?Aside from thinkingour church has confession.I watched a binge-worthy TV showwithout my wife.Was it The Crown?Don't tell me how it ends.Doesn't she become queen?Oh, go to Hell.Aw, what am I gonna do?I don't know what she wants!Homer, sorryto blow my own horn...(horn plays fanfare)...but Netflix knows your wifebetter than you do.Do you know whatshe watches incessantlywhen you're not around?Usually this thing.Dance shows! She loves 'em!Want to win her back?Learn to dance, my puppet.Hmm. I have disappointed Margewith my dancing in the past.♪ ♪(bones crack)(siren wailing)I'll do it!("The Blue Danube"by Strauss playing)♪ ♪Did you guysall let down your wives?I'm not that pathetic.I'm just paying $40 an hourfor basic human contact.(giggles)Cha-cha-cha!(jazz riff playing)Hello. My name is Julia.Just rememberJulia believes in you.Julia will alwaysbelieve in you.Julia will stay with youuntil you are a dancer.- What's my name?- Homer.- No. My name.- Julia.And why are you here?I need to learn how to dance- to get my wife back.- (moans): Aw...It's been a long timesince a woman said that to me.(jazz riff playing)Now we begin.("The Blue Danube" playing)(Homer panting)Zoey B, Zoey T,you work with these guys.This man needs one-on-one hel.I don't know howto tell you this,but you are a terrible dancer.Uh, it seems like you did knowhow to tell me that.But I am taking you onas my personal challenge,and when I take on a challenge,I don't quit!(tango playing)(cracking)- (music stops)- Okay, here's the first thing:when you step on my toe,it causes me pain.Wow. I'm learning so much.(tango resumes)♪ ♪How's your toe?Doesn't matter.I don't quit and neither do you.(panting heavily)- (alarm beeps)- (gasps)Homer, you're getting there.You're awareof when the music is playing.(gasping):Can't... dance.Marriage over.Will live... on boat.(sighs) I'm gonna have to dosomething I didn't want to do.I'm bringing in my partner.Sweet Sal!Watch me. With one hand,you can lead a woman.- I find that hard to...- You have to come forward- when I do this.- Mm?-You have to go backwhen I do this.-Mm.As I push my palminto your back,- you're forced to turn here.- I am. I am.Whoa...Back straight! Knees bent!Feet arched! Eyes merry!♪ ♪(Homer shrieking)(shrieking continues)(phone rings)Moe's Tavern.Moe speaking.Homer? Nah, sorry, Midge.I ain't seen him in weeks.What do you mean?He told me he's been thereevery night.Oh, oh, Homer Simpson.Oh, no, I thoughtyou were talking about,uh, Homer the blind poetwho wrote the Iliadand the Odyssey there, yeah.-'Cause he ain't been aroundsince, like, 720 BC.-(groans)♪ ♪Another night at Moe's?Yeah. I'm beat.The couch.(tap-dancing)MARGE (calls):Quiet!Okay, Homer, time to do a lift.Are you sure?I'm pretty heavy.No, me. Just grab my waistand hold on tight.I'm doing all the work.Oh. Oops.- (shrieks)- We'll work on that.- Hey, hey!- (microphone feedback)It's timefor Krusty's Toy Trample!We have three finalists.But only the first finishergets to keep his toys.Losers have to paythe winner's income tax.We rehearsed this with monkeys,and everything went great!♪ ♪BART: Now, to take out thesetwo losers in two seconds.Dead Grandma, is that you?On your marks,prepare to advance.- (Bart exhales)- Commence!(up-tempo music playing)- No!- No!♪ ♪(music stops)♪ ♪Congratulations, kid!And you also won...a day with Krusty!ANNOUNCER (speed-talking):Day with Krusty will actually beday with Sideshow Mel.Don't we get anything?Of course.You two get the greatest prizeany kid could ask for:wooden paddleswith balls on 'em.Mine's broken already.Use your imagination.The ball is a rocket ship,and the paddle is a...I don't know. Why am I wastingmy time with this kid?- Is he dying?- Not that I know of.Well, then get him outta here!- (phone rings)- (groans)HOMER (over speaker):Marge, it's me.I want to ask you one favor,and I won't bother you again.There's a dress in the bedroom.Put it on and meet meat 15th and Elm.Are you going to tell mewhere you've been spendingyour nights?All will be made clear.(dial tone)Marge, go to him.If you don't,he'll head off to the war,and you'll never see him again.He's not going to war.That coward!He doesn't deserve my daughter!She's here.("Every Breath You Take"by the Police playing)♪ ♪You look beautiful.Cut it out.Why are we here?To dance.I don't know how.Marge, all you have to do isone incredibly difficult thing:trust me.♪ I'm here ♪Oh.♪ Let's dance ♪(gasps)- ♪ My dear ♪- Oh...Yeah.♪ What's your name? ♪MARGE:Hmm.♪ How do you do? ♪Mmm...♪ What's the game? ♪♪ Hallelujah ♪♪ I saw a girl ♪(sobbing)I've never seen this:Mom and Dadromantically in love.(chuckles)It's like rebirth. Ooh.It cures all the wounds.Aw.Bart, are you seeing this?I set a new record: 89.Wha... You missed the greatestmoment in our parents' lives.89's pretty good.♪ How ♪♪ Do you do? ♪Whoo! I have not felt this goodsince I signed Shonda Rhimes.♪ You're there ♪♪ I'm here ♪Okay, Homer, catch and lift.♪ But let's dance ♪- (grunts)- (people gasp)♪ My dear ♪♪ What's your name? ♪♪ How do you do? ♪♪ What's the game? ♪- (glass breaks)- FLANDERS: Hey!Wait, how did you get a toy?It was a thank-you from Ralphfor writing his essay.You wrote Ralph's essay, too?It's calledhedging your bets, boys.Hi-yo, just desserts!Did someone say "just desserts"?Dad, it's just an expression.Just an expression, eh?I have to warn you,we just have desserts.Oh...Captioned byMedia Access Group at WGBHShh!