W-What?D'oh!Hey!♪ Love and marriage, love and marriage ♪♪ Was the song from that show ♪♪ With Al Bundy ♪♪ Now he's on Modern Family ♪♪ And the neighbor guywas Ted McGinley ♪♪ Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo ♪Happy Anniversary, Mr. Romance.- Mm.- Mm.


Zip me?My pleasure.Then you do me.Oh... oh.Eh?- Almost.- Okay?- Suck it in. Come on.- It is sucked in.- Harder! Harder!- Oof.Oh, it's so hard to be a man.- Oh, come on. Harder.- Harder?- Yeah, that's it. That's it.- That's it, you're almost there.- Harder.- Oh, yes! Oh!We are going to havea magical evening, my love:overpriced dinner,carriage ride in the park


and mailing in our mortgagepayment on time.Oh...nothing turns me onmore than basic competence.But how did you manageto get a babysitter?I thought we were blacklisted.Blacklisted by humans.Mr. and Mrs. Simpson,you look lovely.Hey, Google, kill Alexa.Danger! Mischief.Aw, the only way to beata bossy female thinking machineis with another.Lis. Help me out here.Alexa, everything I say is a lie.I'm lying right now.Nice try, but I am familiar- with Epimenides paradox.- Hmm?Would you like to buyan Epimenides book,T-shirt or a laptop sleeve?Oh, my God! Yes, yes, yes! All of them.Ordering. Two-day delivery.We can't leave our kidswith a greedy tube.Sorry, Homer, looks likeyou have to spend time with...your children.Oh.You will be sat.Marge, it's time to go to DEFCON 1.Dad, the kids really miss you.Could you come see them tonight?Couldn't find a sitter, huh?- Yes.- All right.Aw, I appreciate it.Hey, what's this?Well, I threw outthat picture of me and Mona.She's dead.She's dead.That's one of the reasons.Bye-bye.We have to get Grampaback to the home in an hour.Maybe we should just stay here.No, we'll do everything I promised.We'll just have to speed things up.Keep your motor running.He shoots, he scores!Shut that off.- Homie...- No time.Go, go, go, go, go!On This Was Radio,we return to an episodeof Sipper McTea and Milly,originally aired May 4, 1944.Sipper, did you start drinking again?No. No, no, no.I nev-never stopped.Milly went on to marry King Farouk.Radio was never the same.It was much better.No, Sipper. Don't get into that Packard.Bart, do something.Back to-back to jail I go.Kids, where do we keep the castor oil?In the 1940s.Maybe we can play a game.The Game of Life?I already lost.Hatchimals?Too new-fangled.Pick-up sticks.Too old-fangled.How about Monopoly?Ah, now you're talking.The only place you canstill say "Oriental."Aw, rats. No money.Ay, caramba!Sir, this is just Monopoly money.Here's a hundred.Thank you, sir!This is the last one in here.My guess: either a broken toyor a puzzle missing a piece.And the answer is... army men.Aah! Incoming! Outgoing!Staying the same-ing!One last kiss, my love.Huh?What's going on here?What are you doing?Well, he wasn't much fun,so we went out for ice cream.Uh-huh.I don't need no headshrinker.I'm as sane as the next guy.There's no one there.Uh-oh.I'll take it from here.Well, I see they alreadyshaved your head for the electroshock.That'll save us time.I'm not the crazy one!Not crazy! Not crazy!Slice out the crazy, Doc.Boy, I'll kill you!You stupid... I'm not crazy!We'll talk more once you have apiece of leather in your teeth.Mmm, leather.I'm tellin' ya, what I saw inthe war don't bother me none.I had a job to do, and I did it.What secretly helped me wasI enjoyed killing strangers.Well, tell me what you think about...- this!- Oh!That parachute sure didn't open.You're not disturbedby the blood and gore?Well, when you put it that way, nope!Well, there's nothingmentally wrong with him.He's fine now, but I'm telling you,Grampa totally lost it whenI brought out the army men.No! Stop shooting!It must be the army men.Stop shooting. Stop shooting!I think Grampa was the modelfor these army men.Oh, my God, Dad. What happened to you?Stop shooting. Stop shooting!Great, Abe. Now, grab the walkie-talkieand tell that general yourplatoon's been wiped out,and big smile!We have a lot to talk about.Well, since the traumais not combat-related,we're gonna have to start charging you.And we're done.I don't understand.Why would being a toy modelbe so traumatizing?Think back, Dad. Think back.Mm, I'll do my best.You know how I hate to reminisce.I've hated reminiscingever since that day in 1937,when, as I recall...Please, Grampa, back to reality.Focus on the little green men.The terrible World War had endedand I was in a celebratin' mood.Mwah. Ooh!The war ended two years ago, creep.The world had moved on,but I was lying in a puddle ofmy own dishonorable discharge.Then, an amazing thing happened.Soldier, you're justwhat we're looking for.How'd you like to make 50 bucksfor half a day's work?50 simoleons for halfa cock-a-doodle-doo?What's your jigsaw, Mac?We want you to model for a toy.Toys? That's kid stuff.You're talking to a hard-boiledfighting man.We'll pay you a royaltyfor every one we sell.Goo-goo-ga-ga!The war was overand America turned to toys.Finally, putty could be silly again.This was when toys were toys.They had jagged corners,Easy-Bake Ovens burned down your house,and they weren't afraidto choke a kid or two.Fun times.Throw that flame!Make war to the camera.Boy, this toy modelingis a great racket.That's what you think.Oh, no, don't put me back in.Don't put me back in!Uh-huh. And then what happened?I... I can't remember.Did they pay you?They never did!Well, that's what's torturing you.Those toys were everywhere.You could be owed millions of dollars.Dad, when was the last timeI said I love you?I don't have the money yet.Then I don't quite love you yet.Tonight I'm here with a memberof the greatest generation,who feels he hasn't gottenwhat he's owed.I get social security, Medicare,Medicaid, AARP discounts,plus savings bonds that still pay 37%,but now it's my turn.I'm being told, uh,you're being airliftedto a much better show.Godspeed.For me, the tiny greenplastic war never ended.There you have it. Abraham Simpson,forgotten hero no more,gets tonight's Last Word.No, you just got the last word.No, no. You get the last word,then I say, "Last Word."You did it again. Last Word.It doesn't work that way. Last Word.Yes, it does. Last Word.Don't mess with me, I'm fromDorchester. Last Word.I'm from Poorchester. Last Word.Turn off the camera and cut his mic.Last Wo...You, sir, are banned from MSNBC,CNBC, NBC,and forbidden from usingthe letters N, B, and C.Last Word.I'm calling Bret Baier. Last Word.He's unlisted. Last Word.Grampa, you got an e-mailfrom the toy company.They want you to visit themin New York City,all expenses paid.Pay day!Ooh, I'm gonna be rich!That means I'm gonnabe a trust fund baby.I'm not paying for your trip to Aspen.But it's almost spring break,and I'm bored.Uh, we are makingour descent into New York,where there's a happy heartfor every light on Broadway.Enjoy your fabulous success.And don't worry about buckling upor putting your chairs back...you're on a roll.Leave the cart.Oh. Oh...From my shoulders,you can see Rhode Island.Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho!Abe Simpson, you dog.Sweetcakes, bring usa couple of sidecars.You never called him outfor his bad behavior?No. But I put mercury in his coffee.Oh, don't worry, he can't hear me.What are you two doing?Swapping recipes?Sort of.Let me get you some coffee.Mister, you owe my dad a fortune.'Fraid not. Your Dadnever signed his contract.You think I left millions on the table?That doesn't sound like me.- Hundreds of millions.- That sounds like me.Everything was going great.Then you ran out of the photo session.I didn't even know your nametill this week.Run away from a fake battle?Oh, I would never do that.Oh, yeah? Our photographer,Philip Hefflin,could barely finish the session.Philip Hefflin?Yes. The finest warand fashion photographerI ever knew.I remember Philip.He smelled of developing fluidand Aqua Velva.We have flashback, people.Thank you. This is the most fun I've hadsince not dying in the war.You're my kind of man,if you know what I mean.That's not what I meant!I'm sorry. I thought you wanted me to...This is the '40s.Guys like you don't exist.We'll just finish the session.Aah! No!Stop shooting!Where are you going, Soldier?I got to remind myselfwhat a real man is.We found out what happenedand we fired Philip.- For kissing an employee?- No, for being gay.That's just what you didin the good old days.Grampa, is that true...you ruined a man's career?And all he was doingwas expressing his love for me.Oh, who could blame him?Welcome to Shattered Dreams Airlines,where our motto is "What'sthe point of going anywhere?"That poor man. I'll never knowwhat happened to him.he now lives in a small town in Texas.Texas? That's where my friendLouisiana Joe is from.Marfa, Texas.Why don't you go see himand clear your conscience?Plus, I always wanted to visitTexas. It's open carry.Oh, what do I do?If I go see him, he mightpunch me in the kisser,or kiss me in the puncher.Our manhood is under assault, Sergeant.Incoming gay panic!Abe, promise me one thing.Go see Philip. Tell him you're sorry.Then find my girland tell her I loved her.Find the milkmanand tell him one less milk.Then find Branch Rickey and tell himto integrate baseball.I have to go to Texas.- Well, you're not going alone.- We're all going to Texas.The plant can get by without mefor a little longer.Turn left at the stop sign.Bear right onto the freeway.Go absolutely straight for...480 miles.Prada? In the middle of nowhere?This isn't a store at all.It's an art installation.Marfa is the art capital of Texas.Over there are the Marfa lights.Oh, how magical.I know, they seem that way,but there's an explanation.- It turns out reflected light...- Don't ruin it.Why are you goingbehind the installation?It's by the side of the road,so, by definition,it's a bathroom.That's where Philip lives.37 miles to my destiny.Son? As I've gotten older,I've started to think maybea man can love different things- and still be a man.- Grampa's gay!Why you little...Wait, Homer! No. Stop.You might be strangling himbecause of your own conflicted feelings.Why you thoughtful...- Homer!- Okay, time to go.Now to face my greatest fear:someone who only had love for me.Better lock and load.♪ There's a handsome man in Texas ♪♪ That I'm going back to see ♪♪ He was supposed to take my picture ♪♪ Then he got sweet on me ♪♪ I buried it for decades ♪♪ Deep inside my brain ♪♪ But then I played with army men ♪♪ And it came up again ♪♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo,doo, doo ♪♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo,doo, doo, doo, d... ♪Oh!I'm seeing things.Hello, Abe.You've aged well, like a fine onion.I hope you can forgivewhat I did to you.I'm sorry I ruined your life.Ruined my life? You saved it.- I saved it?- Let me explain.After I lost my job,I decided I'd never liveanything but my truth again.My wife took it well.I hit the road and droveas far as I could.I landed here and I've never hada day of regret since.What's the matter?You're such a wonderful guy.Maybe it was my lifethat was ruined that day.It's never too late, Abe.Never too late to find outwhat your true self is.A paper at Cornell Universityhas showed that no oneis 100% straight or gay.- Is it peer reviewed?- Does it matter?Ah, I'm afraid I'm too oldto try anything new.I miss the dayswhen circuses had elephantsand they stomped on people.And don't get me startedon Young Sheldon.Understood, but before you go,we never did finish that photo session.It's a shot I always wantedand never got:your beautiful smile.Why didn't you say so?I'll leave that with you.Enjoy your life.The Alamo's not the only thingI'm gonna remember.Well?Sorry, my friend, this army manis as straight as Gomer Pyle.Good for you, soldier.You learned that army mencome in all orientations,but we're all moldedfrom the same crappy plastic.Permission to pair up, sir?Granted.Radio man, a little dance music,if you please.The local population hates usand we don't know- why we're here.- Maybe if we build a school,they'll forget aboutthat hospital we bombed.Uh-oh, Congress didn'tfund enough body armor.Well, this is too sad.Let's melt 'em in the microwave.Oh, boy!- Last word!- Shh!