♪ ♪Scientists have determinedthat the secret to a long lifeis to drink lots of coffee...or no coffee at all.Now, it's time to kill time with"This Day in SpringfieldHistory."We become the firstflyover statewhen the Wright Brothersignore uson a voyage from Ohioto Kentucky.Peace breaks outand Montgomery Burns fireshis female employees.


As the rest of Americarockets into the new frontier,Springfield unveils a fleetof school busses.These buses are burstingwith American technology.Grooved rubber mats,and an emergency doorthat any child couldaccidentally openand fall 15 feet to the street.♪ ♪Lis, wish me luck.I'm going forthe lunch-boxingmiddleweight title.What does it matter?You'll never unify the belts.Okay, champ,remember your game plan:lead with your Krusty,then jab-jab-jab with my Eeyore.Work the vestand the head will die.


♪ ♪♪ Each day this bus ♪♪ Is home to chaos ♪♪ That little boyis mooning me ♪♪ This ride's a living hell ♪♪ Right to the morning bell ♪♪ Please tell me thatthat puddle isn't pee ♪I'm taking careof this goldfish.♪ All I would ask ♪♪ Is just one friendto ride with ♪♪ And please not Milhouseor Kearney ♪Don't drag meinto your lonely song.♪ Another girl who's smart ♪♪ With kindness in her heart ♪♪ Someone who's just exactlyjust like... ♪She?Do we always have to havethe TV on during dinner?This is a special night,sweetie.We've all been waiting for...Beast Blaster!Welcome back to the U.S. NinjaUltimate Beast Blaster,where U.S. ninjas fight tobecome the ultimate beast.By defeating the ultimate beast,an obstacle course we call"The Ultimate Monster."Well, I saw a cool girlfrom the bus today.It's weird-- I don't know her,but I feel likewe could be friends.Yeah, you're right,I think Marcusis gonna take it all this year.Mm-hmm.He's got the best narrative.He's doing it for his buddiesat MacDill Air Force Base.MacDill!This is your fifth attemptto slay the monster.Can you give us the thoughtsthat are going throughyour mind?Hmm. Isn't the first ruleof ninjato be silent and invisible?Shh. Watching other people livefull livesis our family activity.That girl I saw out the buswindow was playing the clarinet.The clarinet.The saxophone's coolblack friend. Yeah--Oh, my God, what a fail!Ooh!I never gave up,and I taught my kidsto follow their dreams.Oh, no. Daddy can't hug anymore.No-no-no.Don't look up.This bus is too depressing.Backpack attack!Ugh. It smellslike Milhouse's back.Lisa knows what my backsmells like.Hamster volleyball.You lose.Lisa counts as floor.That's it.There's gotta be a better place.Otto. Stop the bus.I wanna get off.You're the boss.Can we get some ice cream?I'm not that crazy. Yogurt.Oh, my God. I'm in thatother girl's neighborhood.Without the baggageof being Lisa Simpson.Yo. Sis-boom-blah.Little help?Go. Go live.Go love. Multiply.♪ ♪Look at all these boutiques.I've never beenin a neighborhoodwhere the parking lotswere behind the stores.This is her house.Hello? Hello?♪ ♪- Huh? Hmm.Oh. Ooh.Whoa.Hello? It's me,the girl on the bus!Um, I'm moving past the tastefulcraftsman fixtures,the eco-conscious lightingthat turns on when I enterand turns off when I leave.And now the jade tree,which I'm wateringjust a little.Oh, no.Hi, don't be afraid. I'm Lisa.I saw you from my school bus.At least, I think it was you.- Why were you crying?- Because I just readthe Pacific garbage patch grewto 600,000 square miles.So then I put on "The Dolphin"by Stan Getz to cheer up.But it was so beautifulI cried even more.You are just like the friendI've describedto so many wishing wells.By the way,I play the saxophone.Here. Take one.Wait a minute-- this is gonnaend badly, isn't it?That's just what I was thinking.We have so much in common.♪ ♪So what do you do, Mrs. Monroe?I'm a marine biologist.I was in an improv groupand asked the audiencefor an occupation, and I justfell in love with the work.I yes-and-ed myselfinto a career.More seitan gumbo, Lisa?The rice is conflict-free.Yes. It's not to die for.Oh, your mother keeps a journalof what you say?She'll wear these pearlsforever.Oh, that's good.Oh...♪ Some others I've seen ♪♪ Might never be mean ♪♪ Might never be cross ♪♪ Or try to be boss ♪♪ But they wouldn't do ♪♪ For nobody else ♪♪ Gave me a thrill ♪♪ With all your faults ♪♪ I love you still ♪♪ It had to be you ♪♪ Wonderful you ♪♪ It had to be you. ♪♪ ♪Mmm.- I love you.- I love you.You do not say "suck"at the dinner table!But veggie loaf does suck.It sucks a whole truckfull of butts.You leave trucks out of this.Just eat your loafs.How was dinnerwith your friend, honey?Suck, suck, suckity, suck,suckity, suck.-It's, uh, a little different,I'd say.-Suck, suck, suck, suck.- Not better. Just different.- Suck, suck, suck, suck...Can I ask a question?Shh. I wanna see this.Dina and Lucashave never met each other,but by the timethis roller coastergoes down this final hill,they'll be married.So, what do you do for fun?I'm making a hammockof human hair!Boy, pass the salt.Coming right up.Oh!You did that on purpose.Well, I'm not giving youthe satisfaction.Excuse me, I have a question.Not now!I like your hair!Ah, get me out of here.Oh, this is so good. Mmm.Oh, just the way I like it.Mmm. Salty. So salty.Aging rapidly.Where's Charlie Rose?Please, one simple question.What is it?Why do we have to eat dinnertogether every night?Because it's goodfor the damn family.Now, Lisa,I know you're a vegetarian.Do you mind if we eat thisin front of you?Oh, no. No.Not at all.And the fact that you would evenask how I felt--I don't need dessert,because you being considerateis sweet enough.- Well put.- So well put.Judging from you, I'm sure yourfamily is just as delightfuland rinfrescante come la brezzadel lago di Como.Yes, my family.I try not to brag about them.More coconut water, please.Such a shame that we'll never,ever meet them.- How come?- We're going to be moving soon.My research grant came through.Sam's father studiesthe harmful effectsof family relocationon children.Takes me all over the world.So I guess you'll never meetmy parents.So we'll only know them throughwhat you say right now.Right. Now.Well, my father...works with his hands;he's a sculptor.And your mother?Mother is a chemist.And I have a sister, too.She's a professor ofnon-linguistic communication.Has a high chair.Fascinating.Do you have any brothers?Nope.My point is,there are many scientistswho have questions- about global warming.- Well, that'san interesting perspective,Congressman.Ooh. You can tell Terry Grossis really mad at this guy.Oh-oh-oh-oh, you canjust let me off right here.No, no, no.We'll go right to your house.Maybe I can meet your father.Ah, you sure can.Hey, there he is!Hi-diddly-ho!Daddy!Just go with it.God bless you and,as I like to say,a hearty woo-hoo!Well, God bless you,Mr. Simpson.I hate stupid Flanders!Annoyed grunt, annoyed grunt!Thank you.Mmm... deception.I got you a goodbye present.I'm really goodat goodbye presents.Ordered this the day I met you.Well, I got you a Rubik's Cube.Solve it.What?!My government grantwas rescindedto pay for an exit latchon a new fighter plane.The good news is, now wecan meet your wonderful mother.Oh. That is exactlywhat you could do...♪ ♪...if I wasn't here to tell youmy parents are goingto Portugal.Oh! We love Portugal!Let me call themwith our top ten pastelaria!I mean,Portugal is their layoverwhen they connect to......Lithuania!Have you been to Lithuania?No. And it is quite a sore spot.Lisa, I'll miss you.Oh, no, I'm not going with them.I'm staying with my...grandfather.That sounds right.- Why don't you stay with us?- Stay with your family?In this home full of artand cultureand you got a miniature horse?It's a rare breedthat gets cuter as it ages.Aw, oh...So, what do you say?Okay, that's it.I've been piling lie upon lielike a bad French farce.So what is one more?Wah, wah, waah.♪ ♪Okay, I will come over hereevery night at 7:30 after my...swimming lessons.But also, I have to leaveat 6:30 every morning for my...morning swimming lessons.You're a swimmer, Lisa.We would never presumeto question your schedule.♪ ♪♪ ♪How was your swimming lesson?It went swimmingly!♪ ♪Wake up, sleepyhead.Oh. Dressed so fast.Well, when you wear the samething every day, it's easy.What? Huh?You were sleeping like teacher.Oh, Ralph. I'm deceivingall the people I love,and it's so exciting.Lies are like stars--they always come out.Oh, my God,that's really profound.I have five face holes.One, two,three, four, fi...Good night, Mom.Good night, honey.♪ ♪Hello, Lisa.Sideshow Mom!I can't believe you'vebeen seeing another family!How did you know?I found out from Ned.He feels so guiltyabout pretendingto be your father,but he can't stop.Look at me in sector 7-G!D'oh diddly d'oh!I'm sorry,I didn't want to hurt you guys,I really didn't,but once I started lying,I just couldn't stop.It's like an addiction.I have no idea what that's like.Lisa, I understandthat this family isn't perfect.Your mom has her flaws,but there are a lot of peoplewho really like her.Mom's not the problem.So, it's Maggie.I know she can't speak.She's just a little S-L-O.It's all of us, Homer.She's embarrassed by all of us.No! Not at all!You said I was a chemist.I'm not a chemist.But you are a chemist--in the way that you dealwith the household spillsand the way...Oh, spare me.And just what did you say I was?I said you never existed.That's the life for me!I'm not a chemist.I never even finished college.I'm just someonewho devotes every dayto making your lifea little better.What are you gonna do to me?- I'm gonna make you get up...- Yeah.- go to the phone...- Okay.- call up that family...- Oh, God.and ask them to dinner with us.They said they're free Saturday.They'll be here at 7:00.And they askedif they could bring dessert!Whew, poor kid.Man, you're reallyteaching her a lesson.We are teaching her a lesson.And I appreciate your support.Come back here!Ask herif we can have pizza tonight.You can have pizza,but your father- gets vegetables.- D'oh!How could she be so embarrassedof her own family?We've got to help Lisa makea good impression.Stop drinking out of that hose!Oh, so now drinkingout of a hosein my own bedroomis embarrassing!Homer. Homer?- Homer.- Huh?Homer.I'm giving you a listof four things to sayat dinner tonight.Four things. That's it.One, two, three...You're right.At dinner tonight, I don't wantyou to be somebody you aren't.I also don't want you to bewho you are.- So just stick to these.- All right.I completely angry!That's "agree."Oh. Much better.And that's howmy family gotfrom Nigeria to London.Tell me more about that.I'm sorry, but I-I can't.I've literally said everythingyou could say on the topic.You've made me recallwonderful momentsI haven't thought of in years.It's amazinghow Homer draws people out.I completely angr...a-agree.You're a fascinating man,Mr. Simpson.I get my best ideasin the shower.Tell me one.I've been doing all the talking.That's really interesting.No, please. I want to knowwhat's in your head.Uh, you like beer?I love beer!Such a lovely family.We're so gladwe got to know you.Actually, you didn't.I lied about my family.Mom, I'm so sorry I was ashamed.I feel worse thanI've ever felt in my life.It will hauntthe person I become forever.Aw, honey,I'm just as bad as you.I coached your fatherand brother on how to actto get through this dinner.I've actually misled you myself.I said I'm from Nigeria.In truth, I moved therewhen I was two.I'm from Cameroon.Didn't you wonder why the manI told you was my fatherdidn't look like him?I assumedhe had lost all his hairand put onan obscene amount of weight.Well, it's really hardrunning your own business.You don't run your own business.I'm starting a new farce.Wow, honestyreally kills a party.What do you say we allgo kick it in my new room?- When did you get a new room?- While everyone was focusedon Lisa,I did a little remodel.I didn't pull permits,but it's up to code.Boy, why did you do this?Where are you gonna sleep?Eh, sleep's for farmers.I wanted a place to chill.Oh, I get it.Totally get it.So, that's two more beers.And... whatwere you drinking there, Cheryl?Cranapple martini.My first happy ending!"I completely agree."I love you, Mom!I love you, Sam.I love you, Bart.And I love you,room.Disco Stu, always pitchin' woo.Ferocious, Drederick.You and the cheetah.Let me in.I need to talk to the boy!- This has gotten out of hand!- Not on the list.Aw, come on, man, I know him.We hang out all the time.Sure you do.You can come in, sweetheart.I'll take care of this, Homie.Move along, sir.You're blocking the fire escape.Oh...!Captioned byMedia Access Group at WGBHShh!