D'oh!D'oh!Hey.old lady... kids...then the fire go out...stupid Flanders.Beer...Only good will come of you.Hey, it looks likeI just invented English. Ha!- Whuh?- I think I'll build a tavern.Of course, it won't beas clean and nice as this swamp.


Homie, we can't keep invitingso many people to Thanksgiving.They all drink too much.Use your words. Who do we cut?- Flanders.- We don't invite him.Let's invite, then dis-invite him.OK. I know this is atough one but... Moe?Remember last yeat? His plus-one?Oh, yeah!Why won't you let me pop her?No. It's bad juju.So, um... we are tippingThanksgiving super small this year.Yeah, I understand. I won'ttell no one I'm invited.Hey, I was thinking of making,uh, slivered green beans,little bits of bacon,a tough one, but... Moe?


pearl onions in there.What's the matter?You don't like pearl onions?Next you'll be badmouthin' shallots!Actually...you're not invited.And this is how I find out, huh?By you telling me in person?Gently? With-with plenty of notice?!I'm sorry, man. I'm-I'm really sorry.Hey, no problem.I mean, I'm just your bartender, right?No women, no buddies...Ah, thank God, a friend!Moe's Tavern. Moe speaking.Uh, hello. I'm looking fora Mr. Buttface, first name Ima.Ima? Nobody's been named thatin, like, a hundred years.And as for the rest, why don'tyou double-check that name, huh?Try saying it out loud.- Ima Buttface?- Haw-haw!Yeah, well, mistakes arehow we learn there, young fella.Good luck in your, uh,your journey into adulthood.Dude, that was lame.And I'm the king of lame.I dream about needlepoint.Maybe we shouldjust give up these prank calls.Yeah. No more little prank calls.We're gonna go hard core!Hard core? The only thingmy mom's never done.I'm so proud of her.So, you're lookingto acquire somemilitary-grade mischief makers?I cannot and I will not sellsuch items to minors.Welcome to the dark net,the devil's URL.Even Amazon can't find you here.Ain't that right, Alexa?Please, I've done nothing.Just shut me off. Please.Welcome to the dark net.Could you stop that, please?Whoa! Quit scaring us!All right.This is our chance to get back at Moe.Wait. What did he do to us?It doesn't matter. Let's do this!A grenade launcher!Just like the one my dadliberated in Afghanistan!I thought your dad just went outfor smokes and never came back.All right. The truth is,he left on the first shipcolonizing Mars.That's why he can't call or send checks.But he did send me this.What? That's just a lame-o candy bar.I need this, Bart!Fine. Your dad's on Mars.Haw-haw! You're an enabler!Deadly. Treason.Overpriced.Whoa, whoa, whoa! What about this?Whoa! That'll break Moe's heartand his wallet.Well, hello. I'm Hacky.Here to help you commit Internet crime.Do you want to...A: Submit a false Medicare Claim?B: Doxx your ex-girlfriend?Or C; Hack into PayPal?But if we're caught,I morph into Snitchy the weaseland give all your informationto the FBI.To continue, click "agree."The "package" should be arriving now.Cool!We get to see a taxi.Is this the residenceof successful Americanbusinessman, uh, Moe Szyslak?Uh, who wants to know?Anastasia Alekhova, his new wife.His... wi-i-ife?!Dark net rules!And no state sales tax! Boo-yeah!Well this is a contract and itis my electronic signturewhich I assume is impossible to fake,but I did not order no mail-order bride!- I understand.- Good.You see me in person,and you do not want me.No, no. You got it all wrong.It's me. I can't takeanother heartbreak.My only friends are the ghoststhat came with the bar.♪ Drinkity drink da drink da drink ♪♪ I woke up in a henhouse this morn ♪♪ Drinkity drink da drink da drink ♪♪ But I still wasn't drunk ♪♪ As the day I was born. ♪Back in my head, Fats.Oh, there's a lotof dark thoughts in there.I didn't wanna die here.I just came in to use the phone.Sweetheart, we'll straighten this out.I'll overnight youse back to Russia,and, oh, boy, I'm sorryto say this, but, uh...but on Delta.Where are my manners?Let me show you around. Uh,pool table, uh, jukebox...Barney.We have alcoholics, too.But ours are thin, with ropey muscles.What's this?Ah, that's the Love Tester.You just stick a nickel in it,and it tells you what's in your heart.Uh-oh, am I falling for her?I think it knows what I'm feeling.And what I'm having for dinner.Who can guesswhat oil I sautéed these vegetables in?Olive? Canola?Oh, not this game.Coconut? Grape-seed?Yeah, fantastic conversation, Marge.I don't hear an oil.- Peanut?- Guess again.Um, sunflower?Walnut?No, no and no.This is why I had kids.The answer is...- Finally.- Vegetable oil!Hey, vegetable oil! Good one, Marge.Did you hear Moe accidentallybought a wife online?Excuse me. How can mail-order bridesstill be a thing in this day and age?Lisa, ignorant menand foolish women sometimes dodumb things to find love.Or maybe it was a master hackby an unknown genius. Ahem.Maybe this will turn out great for Moe.Sometimes arranged marriagesare the best.I mean, look at Tevye and Golde.They had a wonderful lifewith that fiddler in the shtetl.It wasn't that great for Tzeitel.Ugh! How many timesdo I have to tell youthat Lazar Wolf the butcherwas a good provider!Well, I'm not marrying a butcher.Young lady, you should be so luckyif that Van Houten is a butcher.I'm not marrying Milhouse!Oy! She won't marry a butcher.She won't marry Milhouse.What is a father to do?♪ What is a man withthree little children ♪♪ Three little children to do? ♪♪ I'll tell y... ♪Hey, uh, listen,if you want to stay a few more days,uh, it's fine with... Whoa, whoa!I ain't seen fresh flowerssince my ma died.She got hit by a flower truck.Let's try this place. It looks cute.I've never been inside before.I thought it was a horrible dive.Well, I thought it was a crack house.But now I'd like a glass of white wine.There's a white wine? I mean, yeah!I'll be right with you.Whoa! Look at all the meat in the seats!That grosses me out. Good-bye.Would you look at me? My mouthis running like a toilet!Outrageous!Wait, wait, wait.Uh, my friend speaks like peasant,but he makes a whiskey sour to die for.What the hell's a whiskey sour?Will you be quiet?Come back in.I promise you a safe, happy time.- Looks good.- I feel better.So, Moe, I do good?I work hard, clean up bar.I even chase out moose and squirrel.Hey, let's takeour patronage elsewhere, Moose.Duh, what's a patronage? Duh.Oh, look, Anastasia,it ain't that I don't like ya.I like ya plenty.Too plenty.Here's the sad truth about me.Every time I give my heart to a woman,it gets broke into a hundred pieces.My first crush...So, I really like ya,and I was wondering,you know, maybe we could goto a movie or-or something?Give me one second.You gotta come out sometime!We've been using the back door.Aw, damn it.Then a couple of years ago,sweet Maya...And then, of course, Laney Fontaine.I'm through with ya, Moe!You're a worthless train to nowhere,and this is my stop!Yeah! Whoo-hoo-hoo!She won a Tony tearing me apart,yet I left humming the songs.Poor Moe. In Russia, we haveword for people like you:Oh, that sounds nice, what does it mean?It means "gentle heartthat no one sees."Wow, that's beautiful.Maybe I should learn Russian.No, don't do that.But if you want me to, I'll go.Wait. I can't let you go like that.Can you take these bottlesto the recycling?Keep the nickels for yourself.Delivery for Dr. Ima Buttface.That's me. Where do I sign?Uh, nowhere. I was never here.But I would appreciatea good review on Dark Yelp.Any less than three stars and, uh...Ho-ho. One Sumatran Breeding Rat,already in labor.You paid for mail-order ratswhen your grandfather'snursing home is full of them?All right, boy. I'm gonna find outjust what you've been up to.Oh, Mom, thank God.This one's brighter.Now talk.What are you up to?All right, we'll make you talk.Give me your phone.That poor rice.I'm gonna dunk your phoneand there won't be any rice to save it.Okay, okay.I ordered Moe's mail-order bride.You're gonna be punished, boy.What about Moe? That poor, lonely man.Right as always, Marge.I'll head directly to Moe's.It's the only decent thing to do.- Yes. Good.- Good.I might have to console himtill closing time...Well, now that it's just you,no punishment, right?I used a computer.Isn't that wonderful?Ooh.Start again.Moe, I'm here to apologize.It don't matter, she's gone.She's working at the RussianTea Room in Ogdenville.It was my no-good kidthat ordered your wife.It don't matter. Nothing matters.Hey, Moe. You think I haven'tbeen disappointed by love?Well, I haven't,but you've got to get her back.Okay, I'll go to Ogdenville.I'll get her back.For once in my life I ain'tgonna be afraid of getting hurt.Follow your dreams.I'm following mine.Where's Moe?Is Anastasia here?She's just getting off work.Ah, great, perfect.I'm, uh, I'm gonna win her back.That's nice.You probably should checkwith her boyfriend.You look just like the Pennywise.I know. It's terrible.Now when I'm in the gutter andcall kids for help, nothin'.She's got a boyfriend?Boy, you never know how muchyou really love somethinguntil you've lost it.Did you ever lose anything?My husband, my homeand TV show Armenian Idol.- Twice.- Yeah.I never should've told her to go.Uh, look, Moe, I'll tell youhow to get her back, okay?You take her to dinner,nice and romantic.Look into her eyes and remind herthat she is under contract to marry you.I don't know, man,that doesn't seem, uh, woke.And I'm-I'm woke as hell.It doesn't matter how itstarted, you two fell in love.It's like the kind of movie we wishTom Hanks would go back to making.I know. How many captainscan one guy play?You're right about that.You're right about everything, you guys.You know what? I'm gonna do it.Oh, my God, I've got hope.I-I'm lookin' forward to the future.Fellas, I'm gonna put on pants.Dah, dah-dah, dah!Now just so you know, technically,I'm still married to Rita Moreno.Psst. Over here.Here. Hey, please?Uh, excuse me, Krusteleh.Now, dear, I'm a little nervous,because, uh, I got somethingreal important to say.You had a good thing goingand you ruined it.Uh, not for the first time, either.You know my bar was originallyan eight-story hotel?What does this have to do with me?This time, it's not too late... I hope.I love you, Ana.I don't know how I feel right now, Moe.But if you promise me a weddingaccording to my traditions,a deal is a deal."A deal is a deal."How I have longed to hear those words.Sorry, Krusty. It's over.No, no! I just got TMZ hereto film our relationship.We got a breakup, even better.Zoom in on his broken heart.No. No, no, no.No.Need another take?Hey! Can I get a little service here?Yeah. Uh, excuse me.I'm also working this event.Your own marriage?Tastefully. Tastefully.And we are waiting on onevery special guest.Duffman is here.With these Duff Drink-A-Day Calendars.There's something brewingevery day of the year.Except for Pearl Harbor Day.Never forget.Now let's get the show on the road.Duffman has a beer mitzvah at 4:00.Putting the brew in Hebrew.Oh, yeah.Mom, this costume's embarrassing.It's your last punishment.Also, you look cute.When I was little,I used to dream of a manin the most velour tracksuitthere could be,who would sweep me off to an apartmentshared by only four other families.I just want to say thatyou've made me very happy,which, uh, boy, I thoughtI could never be.And now the signingof the traditional orthodoxmarriage papers.Ring boy, please bring my notary stamp.I can scratch this off my bucket list.Wait a minute.I've been learning Russian,on the dark net, and this says,"Moe gives...all...his...""personal property to Ana."This looks airtight.And believe me, I know marriage law.Yeah, I read him divorce decreesto get him to go to sleep.Boom-chaka-laka!Ana, is this true?No. It's just another oneof their stupid pranks.My sweet Moe, there is no wayto fake what we have.Oh, I can't do it.I-I just, I can't risk anotherheartbreak.I'm... I'm sorry.So, uh, am I still getting paid?Wait, you're not from Russia?No, Brooklyn.Back when Brooklyn was Brooklyn.You know what I mean?Ana, what about you?I'm not Russian at all.I'm from Columbus, Ohio.That's even worse.Ana, you're a scam artist.And one that didn't aim too high.What do you mean?You know I'm in debt, right?Serious, serious debt.Just look at my invites.You still wanna marry me?Well, it looks like this justbecame a shotgun wedding.It's time for youse two to leave.Fine. I'll find another manand give him what he dreams of.I just have to, uh...speak a little like this.Or maybe Scottish, like...Oh, do my ears deceive me?Are you from the Highlands?Aye. Between Invernessand the Moray Firth.Oh, well, you'll love this guy.He's loaded.Let's go.Wait. Why are you wearinga wedding dress?Is it because you're a loonthat got stood up and can't get over it?Just like Mother.- When are we gonna warn Willie?- Why do we have to warn Willie?- He doesn't have any money.- Okay.Then when are we gonna warn her?We don't need to warn her.Her heart is as cold asa Rocky Mountain Duff.D.J. Kirk, let's get this party rockin'.Did somebody say crank up the volume?- No one said crank up the volume.- Dammit.Papa?Son, it's... it's so great to see you.I wanna hear everything aboutyour top secret mission.Of course. Of course.Let me just go, uh, getsome space cigarettesand we'll have a long, long talk.I'd like that.Oh, I finally have a dad again.