Hubert, great workon the cafeteria gravy story.Answered a lot of questionsbut raised a lot more.I come bearing the thingyou journalists hate most: news.The Daily Fourth Gradianis hemorrhaging money.Last month the paper lost...$32.But you can't put a price on the truth.I finally got a source to go on therecord about dodgeball concussions.Bombardment, bombardment.Bombardment.I'm sorry, but I have no choicebut to bring in a new editor.


The fifth grader who somehowturned the school poetry magazineinto a cash-blasting fire hose: Billy.Preschool is over, news skanks.Today is gonna be like Carrie Underwoodhosting the Country Music Awards...we're in for a lot of changes.You... I can tell you're a real talent.Get out. You're fired.See? No one's safe.Fidget spinner.What are you doing?Hubert's a good journalist.Good journalism ain't payingthe pizza man, toots.We are going online only:


pop-culture quizzes, sponsored lists,headlines that grab you by the book bag:"You Won't BelieveWhat Milhouse Looks Like Now."You bet your book bag I won't.But you can't just turn the schoolpaper into online clickbait.We have a responsibility to...Oh, my God, it's still talking.I hate you so much I'm givingyou the most important jobat this swipe rag.- You're a what?- I'm a recapper.Huh? What?A TV recapper.I watch every episode of a show,then write a summary,followed by snarky commentsand a letter grade.Well, sometimes I do worryI have the wrong opinionsabout what I've just seen.Ugh. This isn't me.What kind of person can justspew out an endless streamof knee-jerk reactions?They should hand out candyat Thanksgivingand stuffing at Halloween.Say, Dad, you sure have a lotof strong opinions.Why don't you watch this showand tell me what you think?Hey, yeah. Ah!Ta-da!Mm-hmm.Hmm.The mouse and the cat hate each other.That feels real to me.It was quite a ride, and I was on boarduntil the shawarma screamed. Huh.Very disappointing.An instant classic.Dad, you were born to describeTV at a fourth-grade level.Ooh, well.Would you recap The Krusty Showfor my school paper?All you have to do is watch TVand say things about it.Just say things about TV.Oh.Krusty, a recapper is nowreviewing your show.Let me see that."Monologue seemed endless"?"Pie clearly hits face of stunt double"?"Overuse of comedic rule of three"?!Why would I possibly careabout the opinion of thispathetic bottom feeder?Huh? B-minus?!C-plus?! Aah!C-minus?Ow!Today's Krusty Show pulled outall the stops.Which was a huge mistake,as many of the stops should havebeen left in. D-plus.I'll teach you to insult athin-skinned Hollywood narcissist.Oh, Tesla, your 900-pound feetof silent, instant torque isthe perfect killing machine.Where do I know that guy?Aah! Aah!Vengeful clown!"Krusty is trying to murder me."If he does,it'll be the first timehe's killed in years."I'm not funny?You want to see something really humor?!"Running me off the road?Clearly, a murderer out of ideas."Like my show!Why? Is it season four again?Why, you.- Whoa.- Whoa.Oh, please be okay. Please be okay.If anything happened to you,I-I don't know what I'd do.Oh, give me a sign.Let me know my world isn't over.Don't look in my trunk!But if you do,a Chinese doctor says I need it.Oh, you're okay.All right, tell me who assaultedyou, and we'll bring 'em in.Unless it's gangs or motorcycle guys.A motorcycle guy will whip youright in the face with his chain.He doesn't care.Krusty tried to run me off the road!But I'm still alive. C-plus.Ah.Don't worry, Krusty.I know a place where the policewill never find you.Yeah, good luck, kid,but I'm a big-time TV celebrity.The last thingI could ever do is blend in.Hmm?The circus? Why?You're a clown.I won't stand here and be insulted!Y... Oh, right.Kid, I'm a TV clownnot like these trapeze-suckingtent-fluffers.Circus clowns don't talk,while I perform to camerawith finely honed subtlety.Hey-hey!Easy on the "hey-heys."The cops are looking everywhere for you.I can't go to jail.I just quit smoking. What do I do?Huh?So, what do you call yourself?- Soggy. Soggy the Clown.- Thought we already had a Soggy.Nah, nah, you're thinking of Moisty.You're hired.So, Soggy, uh, what's your act?Well, I can introduce cartoons,pretend to enjoychildren's breakfast cereal.Oh, and I completely blow my stackwhen someone takes my parking space.You sound like a... TV clown.Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.I hate TV clownsfrom how you just said that.TV clowns. Ridingfour to a car like royalty,eating their stew from a bowlinstead of cupped hands.And you know who's the worst isthat white-faced Judas: Krusty.Wait. Circus clowns hate Krusty?Don't you?In my way I've hated him all my life.Yeah, you get it, Soggy.You're a good kid.Anyway, this is where you eat,this is where you sleep,and this is whereyou sweep up the elephant crap.So, all three in this cage.Efficient, right?Now meet the finest clownsfrom the greatest closedcircuses in the world.Skitters, Bumpo, Wiggles,Clabby, Dr. Pickles, Mr. Bindle,Barrels, Drooly, Trembles,Blitzy, Handsy,Boobsy, Mr. Boobsy,Baby Boobsy, the Boobsy Twins,Ding-a-ling, Bing-bong, Ring-a-ling,Flip-Flop, Fiddle-Faddle, Flap-Jack,and Scene Blow.Nice to meet...Yeah.It's him. It's really him.A regular dork and a girl one.It is an honor to meet the manwhose recaps were so devastatingthat the star of theshow tried to kill him.The secret is, say what happened.Oh, it's likewe're talking to Hemingway.Or Shep Goldfein from TV Zorp.How would you like to come recap for usfull-time at Culture Smash?You'll pay me to watch TV?God bless you,content-addicted clickbaiters.We'll start you on 30 shows.This month?Uh, no, tonight.Welcome to Peak TV.This Is Us.This is me.C-plus.Hey there, Soggy.You excited for your first show?Nervous? I'm not nervous.Get this kid. "Nervous."Nervous.Well, you sure are saying"nervous" a lot.Shut up, you nervous little punk.I'm the king of 4:00 p.m. TV.I can clown the pants off these losers.Whoa, what is that?That's what the clowns heredrink before the tent opens.- It's called Hippo Juice.- Do you even know what's in it?I need my Hippo Juice!Okay, Walking Dead.Too much walking,not enough dead. C-plus.Game of Thrones.Who is everybody? A-plus.Stranger Things.Spielberg's back. C-minus.Homie, you're watching so many shows.Why don't you take a break?We can open the third drawerof the nightstand.The anniversary drawer.Mmm. Mmm.Making out on the bed...a familiar formula,but still delivers the goods.Mmm. Ooh, a butt-squeeze.Motivated by characterand moves the story forward.Mmm. Could an ear nibble be the thingto reinvigorate this tired franchise?Wait. Are-are you recapping our snuggle?No, no, just pillow talk, baby.If you say so.Savvy viewers will noticethe husband hasn't brushed his teeth.That is it.You're watching so many TV showsfor your recapping job,it's ruining our life.And don't you dare give mea letter grade.Okay, I'll just let this be... minus.It's either me or the job.Hmm. Marge creates what feelslike false jeopardy.No, the moment is well earned.Oh, they just got ridof their best character.Soggy, a word of advice: you suck.Turn in your Hippo Juice bucket,your hippo crystals,and your hippo pipe.You're fired.Oh, come on, Tootso. You don'treally mean that, do you?Oh, it's true.I'm a terrible clown.Cheer up, Krusty.There's got to be another circusout there, a worse one.Nah. I'm not a TV clown.I'm not a circus clown.I'm nothing.Soggy, the high wire bear got sickafter eating the Guess-Your-Weight Guy,so we need somebody to do his act.And none of the other clowns will do itbecause there's no net.So, well, we thought of you.You mean a last chance to redeem myself?No. No, no. If you live,you're still fired.Oh, who cares?I'm in.♪ I don't care ♪♪ If I live or die ♪♪ Wait, I do, I want to die ♪♪ Who will claim my body? ♪♪ Maybe the monkey ♪♪ Do-do-do-do-do. ♪Whoa!Oh. Whoa!Ow!Oh!Whoa!Ow.Ta-da.They're applauding.And there's no applause sign.I didn't know that was possible.Circus cheers are the greatestcheers in the world!There he is, there's our new star.That was the most daring actI've ever seen.And I saw a circus do a Beatlestribute without permission.I think I'm falling for you, Soggy.I don't think you're really my type.Mmm, you.My whole life up till now was nothing.From this day forward, I am Soggy,Soggy the Clown!I'm flattered, Tootso,but I'm already seeing someone.I'll meet you behindthe seal tank in half an hour.Good news. Your agent just called.A Japanese game show needsan American celebrityto pop out of toiletsto scare couples on dates.The cops will never find you.Two weeks ago,I would've jumped at that.But I'm a circus clown now.But you're a big-time TV star.Ain't the circus worse by far?Oh, I used to love celebrity,but I've got big top clarity.Because...♪ Circus clowning ♪♪ Is the life for me ♪♪ Gonna flip the birdto lousy kids' TV ♪♪ Circus folk have real camaraderie ♪♪ I can't be fired 'causethey don't test my pee ♪♪ He'd be positive for every sedative ♪♪ Circus laughter,there's no greater high ♪♪ Crowd is fired up 'causethey might see you die ♪♪ If he breaks his neck ♪♪ What a thrill they'll get ♪♪ All my problems havebeen solved for free ♪♪ Talking to the bearsure beats therapy ♪♪ A hug can beat fear of women's feet ♪♪ Can I join the circusif I'm only ten? ♪♪ Here's a fake I.D.,now your name is Ben ♪♪ Ain't no mom to keepme safe and sound ♪♪ I get to juggle swords ♪♪ Eat corn dogs off the ground ♪♪ So, good riddance to TV ♪♪ I feel alive insteadof live-plus-three ♪♪ Because circus clowning ♪♪ Is the life for me. ♪Bad news:we're shutting down the circus.Shutting it down? But why?- A terrible video got out.- Which one?The video we sell here at the circus.If they close this place down,what do I run away to?College?It's all over.I'm losing the only happinessI didn't have to chug,snort, shoot, bet on, or get enlarged.For the first time, I was a real clown.And now I've lost that.To save my marriage,effective immediately,I'm resigning as recapper.My apologies to Culture Smashand the entire Garbage Blastmedia family.Mm.- Get in.- Okay.Homer, I'm the CEO of a majormedia conglomerate.We can't have you quit.You're one of America's top recappers.I had to quit; recappingwas ruining my marriage.There were so many shows,I couldn't keep up.It's true. Currently there areover 500 scripted showson network, cable, and streaming.Why are you making so many shows?No one could watchmore than 300 of them.Oh, we don't care if people watch.We just care if they subscribefor $13 a month.You see, if people subscribebut don't watch,then we don't actuallyhave to make the shows.We just need viewers to believethey can watch them.Fake shows?But what if people try to see them?They won't, because recappers like youwill give those shows a B-minus.No one ever watches a B-minus.But, but that's crazy.It could never work.It already has.Are you familiar with the USA Network?Sure. Royal Pains, Suits, White Collar.Have you ever seen any of those shows?No, but somebody must have...Surely somebody...There is no USA Network.There hasn't been for 20 years.It's just bus ads!Oh, my God.Peak TV is a lie.Your plan is insane.Perhaps.But not as insane as making...that... many... shows.I never had faith in God or family,but I had faith in television.And I won't let you do this to Him.I have everything you saidrecapped right here.And I'm gonna tell the whole worldevery detail of your terrible plan.Hey, there's half a birthdaycake in the break room.Mind if I...?All right, I get it, I get it.No, no, you can't close the circus.There's got to be a wayto keep this place running.If we only had 50 grand,we could start overwith a new name and a new act.Yeah. We can get the Flying Branzinos.Nobody pickpockets a crowdlike those guys.But we don't have the 50 grand.The circus is done.No, no, listen.I can get you your money.With this.You're gonna teach us to read?No. I'm Krusty.Hey-hey.On the count of attempted murderof Homer Simpson,the jury finds Herschel Krustofsky...not guilty?It was self-defense, Your Honor.That recapper gave Krusty's showbad grades.It was justifiable Homer-cide.He gave Outlander a B-minus.That show knows what it wantsto be. Come on.Ooh, I've heard that gets reallygood about eight episodes in.Krusty, you're free to go.Mmm.Is there room on that trainfor one more clown?Well, he did save the circus.What do you say, Scuzzo?Please, I'm not Krusty anymore.I'm a circus clown.I'm Soggy.You're a, you're a TV clown.The greatest TV clown I'veever had the honor to know.But you're a traitor to our kind.Goodbye, circus.Goodbye.Another terrible show.Thanks a lot, Chris Pine.And now the bad recap.They always find some new chumpto tear me down."A"? I got an "A"?Everything I've ever donehas been great!I'll never be sad again."A" is for Ralph.Dad, Look!They posted our story this morning.Hmm.Together we've exposed the truth.It'll be the one legitimatepiece of journalismon the whole site.What's with this boring Peak TV article?My patience is growing shorterthan Rachel Maddow's crew cut.How many times do I have to tell you:no bait, no clicks.Hey, you, yeah, gummy bear,put up a slideshowthat'll get me some eyeballs.Eyeballs!Ooh.