Ah.In case you were wonderingwhy I'm so tired...- I wasn't.- I was up latewatching French films... in French.And then, last night,my dreams were in French!My dream is you keep moving.Lisa Simpson,a bright girl in a dull school.She likes the sound a Sharpie makeswhen she does well on a test.She adores the woody sweetnessof a fresh baritone reed.Mmm.


But she hates, more than anything,finding a place to eat at lunch.What was this?You will soon see.Frankly, I am redundant."J. Beardsley."Jasper!Suddenly, in the middleof this crap school, a mystery!Meanwhile, for the first timein his life,Homer would be disappointedin a kitchen.Oh, my God. Leftovers!Air, nothing, more air, space, air,not spaghetti, not meatloaf,


missing chili, absenceof mac and cheese!There must be some food here.The devil's trees.No!- Homie, relax.- Okay.I've decided to be aTubberware salesperson.Tubberware? Isn't that the thingwhere you find people to host partieswhere you then sell everyoneplastic food boxes?Well, you do your Kickstarters.Hey, if people pay to send me on my tourof rocking chairs in theMidwest, that helps everyone.We really could use the money.They're still garnishing your wagesafter that garnish war you waged.Please, Homie.I want to open a checking accountso the family finally has one.Marge, no wife of minewill ever have to work.Is what men used to sayfor some insane reason.You have my blessing.Where's Jasper? He's late again.Maybe we should feed the birdswithout him.Don't tell meyou fed the birds without me?You were in a coma!Mein Gott, what else happened?You won't like who's president.It's not Bernie?Lisa returnedJasper's childhood,and all she wantedwas her own secret giggle.Jasper.Oh, my God.What do you got there? A bento box?Somebody's ashes? Apple TV?Oy. One more guess,and I'm gonna need a nap.When I was six years old,I brought my treasure boxfor show-and-tell.Another kid took it, never gave it back.And now, somehow, it's here.I've been angry my whole life,but suddenly,the world seems... magical.For the first time ever,Lisa experienced a feelingthat could only be describedas... magnifique.I don't mean to overstate this,but the sun is shininga little bit brighter,because of me!Tubberware? I'd love to buy some.No, you don't buy it now.You have a party, and thenI sell it to your friends.No!You have the party at your house...Oh.Then, when your friendsfill out the order forms, we...Oh.If you host a Tubberware party,you get an exclusive gift:a lemonade pitcher!Ma'am, if the good Lord wantedus to store juice in plastic,he wouldn't have madea possum's bladder watertight.Okay, Marge, you're likea black hole of sadness and split ends.What is wrong with you?I haven't bookeda single Tubberware party.I don't know whyI thought I could do this.I don't have that... What's theJewish word for "chutzpah"?You mean you have no confidence?I don't. I always take the bad pancake.I spend so much time puttingsunscreen on everyone else,I get sunburned.Ooh. Just like with a doormat,the key is underneath.- Huh?- You know what?I will throw a Tubberware party for you.But it's gonna take me a while to plan.- How about tonight?- You're on!What the heck are you doing?That's a punchbowl,and that's for leftover lasagna.What?! Whoever heardof leftover lasagna?Maybe you shouldjust go to Moe's.Fine, but I'm not gonna get drunk.Oh, okay, sweetie, I'll get drunk.I just can't stay sober at you.Ah!I can't do this. I can't do this!Can't? Can't? Marge, I never wantto hear you usethe C-A-next-Tuesday word again.You need to tapinto your female warrior side.I don't have one of those.Then we're gonna have to create one!Makeover time!Okay, think pretty thoughts!Now, get rid of those thingson your feet and put these on.Mmm. It changes my whole body.And what is going on back there?Behold, your rump has become...a booty, baby!Mm-hmm.Now go out there and sell some thingies!Mmm.Julio,what is this? I don't want to sitthrough some kind of sales pitch.I just want a simple eveningof appetizers,cocktails and nitrous oxide.Hello, boys.I see you're checking outthe merchandise.Let me assure you,the lids match the tubs.Mm. Mm-hmm.Oh. You should have told us thiswas a drag Tubberware party.He's the most convincing womanI've ever seen.Oh, oh, yes, yes.He is quite the impersonator.He calls himself "Marge."Perfect! "Marge."If she were any more camp,she'd be a Coleman lantern.All right, boys,let's put tops on bottoms.And you wanted to go dancing.Mm. Mm-mm-mm-mm.And voilà... a Marge-tini!But don't worry.That's not the only surpriseI've got tucked away.- She's funny.- Bea Arthur funny?No one's that funny.And that night,Marge sold more Tubberwarethan she ever imagined.And I, drawn by the farcical premise,began narrating her story, too.Look at all these orders!I'm really good at this.Yeah, well, uh, you see, um..."Marge" is good at this.Yeah, Marge. Me. I'm Marge.Okay, so here's what happened, okay?This is so important,I'm gonna drop the accent.Everyone thoughtyou were a drag queen.I felt so pretty, but the whole time,people thought I was a man.A man who looked like a fabulous woman!Drag queens can bevery beautiful. Exhibit: me.I call myself "Penelope Cruising."I was Mr. Burns's datefor the Kennedy Center Honors.See? Look how cute I am.All his dates haveto give him transfusions.Now I know why he said I was his type.You get it?Well, the next time,I'm just going to be myself.But that was you, you with confidence.Oh, you're just being nice.It was ju! It was ju! It was ju!And besides,the top Tubberware sellers...they're all drag queens.What? That can't be true.So, what do you say, Marge?Are you in it to win it?Go for it, Marge!Who cares if what's outsidedoesn't match what's inside?I'm labeled "Lunch Snacks,"but people use me to store pot.And I'm for storing bread.All the bread you're gonna makeselling Tubberware.Did you just high-five that bowl?Be cool, Marge. Be cool.Homer, order anything you like.It's on me.Anything.Okay. I'm gonna need two menusand four tables.And get rid of all this silverware.- It just slows me down.- I got it. I got it.We need help. Someone get Mamaback from bingo.I am on my way.But all you need is a "G."You should be like the "G"in gnocchi... silent!Mmm. Oh, Marge, thank you.Thank you. I'm so happy!And there it is.Leftover lasagna.D'oh!Lisa stillfelt sort of magnifique,but the magical feeling fromher good deed started to fade.So she thought: why not secretlybring magic into others' lives?Yes.FRENCH NARRATOR: Her firstproject: restore the lost lovebetween the identical-lookingKirk and Luann.Looks like dying my nosehair's really paying off!Next, Lisa helped Gil,Springfield's Pepé Le Pew,minus the charm.Sir, would ya like one?No, huh? Well, I guess not.Ma'am? Uh, maybe next time.Come on! I only get paidif they're all gone.And they check the trash, believe me.Oh, my God. People are taking them!I'm turning the heat onin my car tonight.Bart. Wake up.Bart! I need your help again.But Lisa's greatest challengewas to make Mrs. Skinnerbelieve in her son again.So Lisa created an imaginaryjournal for Seymour,one that would mend all fences.I have to get this fake diaryinto Skinner's house.Here's the key.Here's a floor plan of the house.Oh, and here's some tuna.I'm making his cat really fat.So Lisa hid the diarywhere she knew Mrs. Skinnerwould find it...anywhere a grown manwould expect privacy.Huh?"Mother is a great woman."Seymour loves me!Oh, my God! How does a mother apologizefor 50 years of ridiculing her son?A gift card now, and anapology on my deathbed.Meanwhile, to help perfecther art and increase business,Julio took Margeto Springfield's hottest drag club,with its most confusingbathroom signage.Marge, this is Queen Chanté,Barbra Streisman,the Mysterious Waylon,and Fiona Adams Apple.Hello, squirrel-friend.You're the tallest thing I ever...And you're still getting up.Honey, I spend half my day getting upand the other half getting down.- Oh-kurr?!- This is the kind of confidencethat you need.The secret is to imaginethe fiercest versionof yourself, then realize...you are that version!Mel, is that you?Yes! I've taped my bone between my legs.Your Majesty,can Marge lip-synch with us?Honey, I'll tell youwhat I told Eddie Murphy:"Sure, why not?"So, tell me aboutthis "Marge" character.What is she like?Well, she's long-suffering,kind of a single mom...and that's it.She's a damn hero, is whatshe is, sis.♪ You've got all eyes on you ♪♪ A nasty housewife lady ♪♪ Come out of your mom shell ♪♪ And become a bombshell ♪♪ You've got this, Margie ♪♪ You're stronger than you know ♪♪ Get up and dance ♪- Oh!- ♪ Get up, get up and ♪♪ Sashay with Chanté ♪♪ Work that blue bouffanté ♪♪ Do it, do it ♪♪ Oh ♪♪ All the boys say ♪Women can have it all.Even penises!♪ She's so chic ♪♪ Such savoir faire ♪♪ Serving housewife realness ♪♪ Selling Tubberware ♪♪ She's a female phenomenon ♪♪ And much more than a mom ♪♪ So sexy, so snuggable ♪♪ Her cocoa is so chuggable ♪♪ Our blue duck has become a swan ♪♪ She's a Glamazon. ♪♪ Sashay with Chanté ♪♪ Work that blue bouffanté... ♪Oh, hi, Helen.Hi, Marge.I heard you're selling Tubberware.Money troubles at home?Why are you so bitter, Helen?Is it because your husband wouldrather play with his toy trainthan with you?All aboard!Not Helen!You better beware, Bart.Mom just grew a backbone.You mean it, Mother?You'll finally let me takekarate lessons?I'll even buy you a gi.Oh, I won't have to wear pajamas?Only at bedtime... which I'm moving toafter The Big Bang Theory.Bazinga!All seemed well,but like Young Sheldon,it would not last forever.Oh, hello, Mother. Karateis so much better than I ever...Seymour! I knew this journal was a lie!Um, how would you know that?Seymour never uses semicolons.He says they make him queasy.I don't even keep a journal.I have no inner thoughts.I planted that journal. I'm sorry.I did it so you'd be nicer to your son.Nicer?! I spoiled the little loser!But not anymore.I'm so sorry.Oh, my God, that poor girl.Go to her, Seymour. Give her an "A."The teachers' union forbids mefrom giving outanything more encouragingthan a pumpkin sticker.You're a disgrace to that yellow belt!Look at me, boys!I'm living off my wifelike Mr. Meryl Streep!Don Gummer.Homer, do you know exactlywhat Marge is up to?Because, uh, we know, andwe've told everybody except you.Like true friends.What's going on?If you want to know the truth,- go to this address.- That's the address of this bar.That's right. Get really drunk,then go to this address. Uh-huh.Hello. Are you on the list?I have to be on the listfor a Tubberware party?Well, you do for this one.Marge is like if Donna Reedand Donna Summer combinedto solve all your food storage problems.And rumor has it, out of drag,Marge is hot, hunky and all man.My wife is none of those things!She leaves the room to burp!Marge! You didn't tell meyou're tricking all these peopleinto thinking you'rea drag queen, when you're reallya regular housewife in needof empowerment, and now...that I say it out loud,it doesn't seem so bad.She's not a female impersonator.- She's just a personator.- Women co-opt everything.Good to seeanother couple in trouble.- Let's go, Dewey.- I'm not leavingtill I find my butter tub.Look in the mirror.Kids, please give us a moment.You're cool."Marjorie, I'm not a perfect man,"but I like to think I've evolved."I've acceptedthe several different actors"who played Batman.I now believe catsshould earn as much as dogs."I don't want to hear your stupid speech.I had a moment of confidence,and now it's destroyed.I'm going out. You can watch the kidsand wonder where I am.No. I don't want anythingto do with him.Lisa, are you okay?I tried to play God,and like the real God,it went horribly wrong.Life was astruggle for the Simpson women.Even Maggie.But where there is life, there is hope.That was the beginningof a new day, a wonderful day,a day that would soon changethe Simpson women forever.Oh...Read the tots."Go to the roof"?Enjoy.Next!Huh?Aw, man!Lisa, would you join us for lunch?We decided to bring some magicinto your life.Ah, you deserve it, sweetie.You're the only personin this town who thinks aboutsomeone other than herself.The only person who would listento old Gil when he...She had finally foundher place to eat lunch.But what is this? Has Homerlost his will to drink?Homer, we're sorry we razzed ya.We were just tryingto hurt your feelings.I am so sorry.I don't know what I can do.Nothing you can do. Change your name,glue on a wigand find yourself a new woman.That's it!Moe, you're a genius!Wish me luck.Why do people always stride outwithout paying their tab?I have no idea.But as God is my witness,I will find out!You two stay right there.Everyone, I have twoenormously sad thingsI feel a need to tell all of you.Number one... I've deceived you.I'm not a drag queen.Girl, you didn't deceive nobody.We all knew.I didn't know,but I'm super self-involved.Oh. Now number two.And, as alwayshappens in such matters,number two is the kicker.My husband and I have hadmore than the usual number of scrapes,but we've alwaysgotten back to our love.But this time,you all made me feelunderstood and supported,and therefore made me realizehow selfish Homer is.- Oh...- Oh, honey.And what hurts the mostis that I can't imaginethere's anything he can sayor do to make me come back.Oh. Well, then I went througha lot of work for nothing.- Homie.- Honey, I understand it now.The feeling of power, the mystery,Is she or isn't she?Hey, believe me,nobody is wondering, baby.Ow!If you don't go to him, Marge, I will.And he will never leave my kitchen.My pulled pork banh mikeeps baby in the cradle.Oh, Homie, I love you!Having a man dressed like a womanto win back his womanwho pretended to bea man dressed like a womanis the most romantic thingI've ever seen.And so all was well.Au revoir jusqu'à la prochaine fois,or, in English...Bye!So, are you a...you're a drag queen now?I don't know. I guess these daysit's okay for everyone- to be everything.- So, miss, are you alone?It's me, Homer!Hmm? Oh!All the good ones areeither married or Homer.