Let go, let go.[ALARM BEEPING][GURGLING][PINGS]This is Dateline: Springfield.♪ ♪From a distance, the Simpsonswere the perfect family.Homer and Marge werehigh school sweethearts.She saved me from a dateless prom.He saved me from a life with my sisters.Those two are monsters.Cut to them, you'll see.


What are you filming us for?NARRATOR: Marge and Homerraised their three kidsin an atmosphere of love, laughterand crushing economic anxiety.The only thing theyneeded was each other.When I first met the Simpsons, in 1947,they were building affordablehomes in Pennsylvania.Little Maggie was going tobe the next Lindbergh baby.But John Foster Dulles had other ideas.Don't interview Grampa.He almost made KenBurns quit the business.[LAUGHS] That pompous old foolwas more boring than baseball.NARRATOR: Little did the Simpsonssuspect that their American dreamwas about to be flipped upsidedown by the spatula of crime.Home to a nuclear powerplant and an active volcano,


Springfield seemed like thesafest place in the world.But that tranquility wasabout to be shattered,in a mysterious crime that wouldtear the Simpson family apart.Tear us apart?Nothing can tear us apart.Tear us apart.- Mom, stop saying "tear us apart."- It's tearing us apart!Who wants mac and cheese?NARRATOR: Our consciencelessreenactment begins as Marge and Lisareturn home from a trip to the market.MARGE: Whatever wedidn't spend, I'd donateto Lisa's secret college fund.LISA: We hid it in the last placethe men in this family would look.MARGE: [CHUCKLES] A jar of cleanser.What happened next was one ofthose life‐changing momentsthat always seem tohappen under the sink.NARRATOR: The entire collegefund, $670.42, was gone.And just like that, Lisa's dreamof going to college for three weeks,without a food plan, was over.For any parent of young children,the thing you dread most islosing a can full of money.911 OPERATOR: 911 dispatch.State the nature of your emergency.LISA: There's been a robbery!LISA: Send help! 742 Evergreen Terrace.911 OPERATOR: It wouldn'thurt you to say "please."LISA: It's an emergency! Youdon't have to say "please."911 OPERATOR: Sounds like what'sbeen stolen are your manners.LISA: Please!911 OPERATOR: Help is onthe way. You're welcome.LISA: Can I get your name,please? And your supervisor?LISA: If I may?911 OPERATOR: Help is no longeron the way. [FAKE DIAL TONE]LISA: Jerk.Uh, Chief, you found something?Zero evidence of Pringles, so...[SIGHS]So we were back at square one.It was not your typical break‐in.No sign of forced entry.I mean, the dog didn't even bark.Somebody knew exactlywhere to rub him. The tummy.[MOANS]NARRATOR: A police reenactmentconfirmed the chief's theory.[MOANS]: Oh, oh, God, that's great.Oh, there's no way I'm barking.Oh, Lou, you got toteach my wife to do this.NARRATOR: With zeroevidence of a break‐in,police suspicion turned to the family.This just didn't pass whatcops call "the smell test."I've watched a lot ofcop shows in my day.I consider myself something of anamateur policeman. [CHUCKLES]Let me just stop this documentary,or "doc," here and now!We are good people.We do not steal.That's borrowing.Borrowing. Borr‐ow‐ing.NARRATOR: And so this nuclearfamily began to explode,as suspicion focused on one man.Oh, what about the importantclue the police missed?Somebody set a drink downhere without a coaster.That had to be a stranger.This is an expensive table,and my family knows Idon't want it stained.D'oh...NARRATOR: Springfielddetectives made a desperateplea to the public for help.‐ They didn't have to wait long.‐ [PHONE BEEPS]MILHOUSE [OVER PHONE]:Nelson came to school todaywith a salon‐quality haircut.His family doesn't evenhave money for milk.He eats cereal with rain water.‐ [PHONE BEEPS]- Mr. Teeny stole the money,like he steals all my scenes.I swear it on my very bone.Sincerely, anonymous caller.But just as you're aboutto give up after two calls,‐ you hit pay dirt.‐ [PHONE BEEPS]HELEN [OVER PHONE]: I wouldlike to accuse Marge Simpsonof stealing that money tofeed her gambling habit.She told my husband, the minister,that she was an addict.In confidence, but, you know. [CHUCKLES]♪ ♪NARRATOR: Marge Simpson.This suburban mother withOlive Oyl good looks had kickedher gambling habit years ago.Or had she?MARGE: I admit it. I couldn'tresist the temptation.But then I did.NARRATOR: Marge walked out of the casinoand off the suspect list.Shockingly, the mysterywould not be solvedin the first five minutes of the show.With Marge's name cleared,the police movedto the next suspect ontheir list, Homer Simpson.Homer's bar tab wasspiraling out of control.Five, six hundred bucks.That night, Moe cut him off.[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]♪ I'm sorry... ♪Yeah, our theory was that Homercame home wasted, he fell,he shimmied and he found themoney under the sink there,and he figured he'd justuse it to pay his tab.Well it's indisputable thatHomer visited the kitchenbefore going to bed. You see,we found spaghetti sauce splatterconsistent with a veryviolent late‐night snack.This is, ah, this is nota flayvin situation.Although, I still am compelledto say flayvin.LOU: Sauce on the walls, theceiling, under Homer's fingernails.That pasta fought hard for its life.What that man did to those leftovers...I'm sorry, I‐I can't continue.NARRATOR: But if the kitchen hadbeen a tomato‐soaked abattoirthat night, why had no onenoticed in the morning?Hmm.LOU: He cleaned up thekitchen after stuffingall the money into his pocket,so we just had to get those pants.Fortunately, a simplesting did the trick.[HOMER HUMMING]Ooh, Super Bowl in July![CHUCKLES]No money in these pants.All we find is candy‐coatedpeanuts, popcorn and a prize.Now, that's some CrackerJack detective work.[LAUGHS] Get it? Cracker Jack?[CHUCKLES] Yeah. Yeah. But asfor evidence, we, uh, we got nothing.With Homer still the prime suspect,and the investigation stalled,Deadline: Springfieldwas in dire straits.The show desperately needed acliffhanger commercial break.What if the real criminal mastermindwas billionaire Montgomery Burns?Why would I steal $600?That's nothing to me.This is what rich is. Smithers,bring me some more money.Need more convincing?No. We'll be right back.NARRATOR: Police returnedto their first theory:could Homer Simpson have done it?Oh, definitely. Hey, you're gonnadistort my voice for this, right?'Cause I don't want no one knowingthat this is Moe Szyslak here.Oh, and cut the name, too, yeah?NARRATOR: As Moe Szyslak said,Homer was definitely a suspect.It was pretty clear, Chief likedHomer Simpson for this case.Well, geez, Lou, I wouldn'tsay that I liked‐liked him.I just, uh... why, did hesay something about me?I mean you thought hewas a person of interest.Shut up. I can find someone interestingwithout being interest‐edin them. Shut up.Yeah, but then new evidence camein that apparently cleared Homer.Phone records showed a six‐hourcall from Homer's phoneto a third party onthe night of the crime.The DNA revealed thatit was a butt dial.Yeah, and not just to someoneon his speed dial list.Uh‐uh. His dexterous cheeksdialed all ten digits.[PHONE BEEPING]DISCO STU [OVER PHONE]: DiscoStu is unavailable for you.At the beep, you know what to do.When police played back Homer's message,it revealed a horrifying truth.Homer didn't scrub the spaghettisauce off that kitchen with cleanser.The sick bastard lickedthose walls clean.[HOMER MUMBLING, MOANING]He had a little help.[BARKING][YOWLS][GRUNTING]My first thought was todelete the message, sure,but then I started groovingto that slurping safari.I hadn't heard any othermusic than disco in so long.Sometimes, a persona can just...it becomes a trap, you know?I knew it couldn't be Homer.Every Simpson is innocent.NARRATOR: Until proven guilty.No. Just innocent.What are you doing? Stoppanning across the family.They didn't do it.Finally. I've been expecting you.[LAUGHS]Like any normal healthy boy,Bart has been the focusof numerous police investigations.But a mother knows whenher son is innocent.And when she's kidding herself,and when she's turning a blind eye.This time he's innocent.Just ask his friends.‐ State your name for the record.‐ Bart Simpson took the money.I admit I knew aboutthe money under the sink,but whatever I borrowed,I always put back.Also, $600?What would a ten‐year‐oldboy do with that much money?Slime. Bart was buying slime.I've never seen sucha cooperative witness.I brought extra batteriesfor your tape recorder, too.NARRATOR: Slime. The gooey, harmlessplaything wildly popularwith kids today.I'd seen all the fads: yo‐yos,pogs, Pokémon, crunking,the short stories of John Cheever.But this beat them all.♪ On a clear day ♪♪ Rise and look around you ♪♪ And you will see who ♪[GRUNTS]♪ You are ♪♪ ♪My plan was, if I owned allthe slime, I'd set the price,except that's when the bottom fell out.[SCREAMING]Lucky for me, therewas one gullible schlubwho didn't realize the craze was over.I sold my entire stash to him.I have not agreed to be inyour documentary. Please go.BART: So I put the moneyback I had borrowedfrom under the sink,and I filmed itbecause I knew noone would believe me.NARRATOR: So that'severyone in the Simpson family,except for Lisa, of course.It couldn't be her, right?Nah. Well, let's look at the...Oh, for God's sake.I asked Lisa where she waswhen the money was stolenand she said, "Chillin'. Youknow, maxin' and relaxin'."Now these are the wordsof a very cool person,but Lisa Simpson isnot even a little cool.So... [CHUCKLES] huh.MARGE: Oh, come on.No one, I repeat no one, wouldbelieve Lisa could do it.But she's also a girl whowants a new saxophone.I'm just saying.I've been Lisa's supplier for years.Reeds, wipes, valve grease.Would she commit a crime over a new sax?[CHUCKLES] Did Dave Brubeckcompose in 9/8 time?He did. We'll count it out together.[HUMMING "BLUE RONDO ÀLA TURK" BY DAVE BRUBECK]Go ahead, give it a spin.[PLAYING "NIGHT LIGHTS"BY GERRY MULLIGAN]Oh, it's the best barisax on the market,a Smoothphone Jazzhonkerin black nickel.[CHUCKLES] But I wouldn't steal for it.NARRATOR: When wecome back, Lisa did it.‐ No, I didn't.‐ Lisa, it's your bedtime.I got to go. My mom's readingme Harry Potter book four.NARRATOR: Oh, yeah, theone where Cedric Diggory dies?‐ You suck.‐ NARRATOR: You did it!No, you did it, jerk.Okay, okay. Time's up.[GRUNTS] The reed's mine.NARRATOR: You can'tspell greed without reed.Check it out.Why did we agree to do this documentary?Because all our biggest stars todaycome from true crime documentaries:The Jinx, Making a Murderer,and Matt Lauer on the Today Show.NARRATOR: It turns out Lisadid not buy the new saxophone.Someone else did.I've always wanted to play bari sax,but my father insisted on tenor.In you go.‐ What do you think of this?‐ You're still a disappointment.[SHOUTS]NARRATOR: But if Lisa was innocent,why was she so reluctantto explain her whereaboutsat the time of the crime?Shut up about my Lisa! Ican tell you where she was.‐ She was...‐ Uh, bup, bup, bup, bup!Mom! Mom! No! Err!Apparently, some of thegirls at school were...Let's just say I stole the money,okay? End of documentary.See you at theIndependent Spirit Awards.I took her to her hopscotch tutor.LISA: I was hanging on by a thread,and now the whole world will joke abouthow I am the only girl whoever needed a hopscotch tutor.Lisa, just repeat after me.One foot, two foot, one foot,one foot, two foot, one foot,two foot, one foot...So stupid. Who invented this game?The Scotch inventedhopscotch and Scotch tape!‐ What about scotch whiskey?‐ Never heard of it.See, I told you, all innocent.So maybe now youvultures can leave us be.NARRATOR: We've takenup enough of your time.Let's go, guys.♪ ♪What are you doing?My family's in the clear.I want you to apologize to my wife!NARRATOR: Apologize? [CHUCKLES] Us?Oh, you will, and you know why?I am the last person thatwatches network television,including the commercials.[GRUNTS]I apologize.MARGE: Now promise that thisscene will not be removed in editing.I can't promise that,only the editor can.‐ I got him.‐ I'm gonna report youto the American Cinema Editors.- It's just an honorary society.- You take that back!Whew. What a relief. So who did do it?It was obviously Bart. It's always Bart.Hey, nothing is my fault'cause Dad raised me so rotten.Well, nothing is my fault 'causemy dad raised me so rotten.Don't blame me.It was a race out thedoor and your mother won.‐ Oh, yeah?‐ It was Bart!‐ [OVERLAPPING ARGUING]- ...To show how irresponsible you are!Shut up, all you innocent people.I wish I was never responsible for you.Stop it, stop it!You're tearing this family apart.And stop calling the sofa a love seat!I barely like it!NARRATOR: The great SimpsonRobbery remains unsolved.Justice may never be served,but at the end of the day,what matters is that we enjoyedwatching bad things happento human beings who aren't us.Ah! Help, Mother.[RALPH HUMMING][LISA GROANS]WIGGUM: You try not to dwellon your innumerable failures.Instead, you stare out tosea and try to look likeyou're thinking deep thoughts.Just like this.Yeah.You got what you need?'Cause I got an itch,I got to scratch it.Now let's celebrate.We got through a documentarylooking better than before it started.Nobody's done thatsince André the Giant.Homer Simpson, you'll leave a ring.Ta‐da! A snap‐on coaster.Nifty, huh?What the...? Where'd you get this thing?I invented it.How many of thesethings did you have made?A thousand. I wantedto start a business.A thousand, huh? Thatmust've been expensive.That's what I thought, butit was only 65 cents apiece.So 650 bucks total?When did you get sogood at your timeses?[GASPS] It was you, but thewhole time you denied it.It was always you!- [SOBBING] I‐I can explain.- No! No explanation.Kids, get in here!For once in this marriage,you did the wrong thing.I am going to savor this.I am gonna wait until I dosomething wrong, and then...Okay, we're even.Well, let me just explain why.Every day, you go out toyour friends, to Moe's.Life to you is an adventure.And I had an idea, an idea for somethingthat might make me somebody.But I admit it, I wasgambling, on myself.[SOBBING]: I understand, honey.I completely understand.[BOTH SOBBING]‐ What's going on?‐ Well, Lisa,‐ I'm afraid I have to say...‐ Lisa, I just want you to knowyour mother's about to say thatthe money was eaten by rats.‐ But...‐ How did rats get inside the can?Uh... Grampa left it open.Oh, why do they blameeverything around here on me?‐ [MICROWAVE DINGS]‐ Oh, good, the cat's done.Marge, I'd like to take a walkwith the greatest woman ever.Oh.From that moment on, Homerand I had never been closer.HOMER: We shared a dark secret.It was so sexy.[BOTH MOANING]Marge, I have a secret, too.[WHISPERS]: I'm losing my hair."The Great SimpsonRobbery remains unsol..."W‐Wait, what do you mean unsolved?[STAMMERS] What the hell is this?My public expects me tosolve the mystery, Bob.It's not like we can justchange the format of the show.You just read the copy.Our viewers want one thing, it's simple:solve the freakin' crime,be told who did it.[HOARSELY]: And I am the soothing voice,‐ the reassuring voice that... Ah!‐ [POP][QUIETLY]: Did you hearthat? Oh, my God,I snapped my right vocalcord... that's the dulcet one.Quick! Prep him for cord transplant.♪ ♪We don't have a human donor.All we have is thevocal cord of a sheep.And I'm [BLEATING]: ba‐a‐ack.He has an unbelievable workethic for a voice‐over actor.