## The Simpsons ##D'oh!Hey, what gives?You said you wanteda world without zinc,Jimmy.Well, now your carhas no battery.I'm supposed to pick Betty up.I better give her a call.Sorry,Jimmy.Without zincfor the rotary mechanismthere are no telephones.Dear God.


What have I done?Think again,Jimmy.The firing pinin your gun was made of...yup... zinc.Come back, zinc.Come back.Come back.Zinc, come back.Zinc!Zinc, zinc!What?Oh, it was all a dream.Thank goodness I still livein a world of telephonescar batteries, handguns,and many things


made of zinc.Gross! He's picking his nose.Hmph!If anyone wants to learnmore about zincthey're welcome to stay.We can talk about anything.I'll do your homeworkfor you.''Chef Lonely Heart'ssoup for one.''One scratch and win,Apu.I haven't seen yousince we doubledour prices.Still teaching?Let's see.One more day at least.Bingo, bango,sugar in the gas tank.Your ex-husbandstrikes again.Mm...Mm...Hmm?Apersonal ad?Why not?It might be fun.Kind of a lark.Come on, come on.Answer the phone.I need a man!Ow, my eyeball!Enough, people.People?All right.You know, I can waitjust as long as you.Knock it off!.Now, boys and girlslet's welcomeour very special guestTed Carpenter fromthe Twirl King Yo-Yo Company.Kids, this is a yo-yo.Kind of dull, huh?Not much competitionfor a video game...or is it?Presentingthe Twirl King champions!Mr. Amazing!...Sparkle!...She's beautiful.Zero Gravity!...The Cobra!These guys must be millionaires.I'll bet they getall kinds of girls.I question the valueof this assembly.It will bea pleasant memorywhen they're pumping gasfor a living.Now, for our next stunt,what do you saywe get your principalup here?Ooh... careful now.That one grazed my ear.Don't move.You could really get hurt.Oh.How much do those cost?I don't care.Wow!Thanks, Sparkle.Wait.This isn't you.That's the old Sparkle.Get your worthless buttsin the van.We got three more schools.Let's go, go, go!That's your trick?No. Here's my trick.Hoowah!Whoa!Whoa!Thank you.Marge, come here.Can you believe it?Soon, I'll be ableto quit my joband live off the boy.Name me one personwho's gotten richby doing yo-yo tricks.Donald Trump? No.Arnold Palmer? No.Bill Cosby? No.D'oh!''After two months at seathe Pilgrims were running outof food and water.''Did they have yo-yos?No, they did not have yo-yos.''When they landedthey were greetedby the Wompanog Indians.''Did the Indians have yo-yos?No, they did not have yo-yos!I am sick and tiredof talking about yo-yos.I will not acceptany book reportsscience projects, dioramasor anything else on yo-yos.Am I making myselfclear?Yo.Hey, Bartgot any new tricksfor us today?Just one.A little something I call''Plucking the Pickle.''I build up a little steam,and...I didn't do it.Don't worryabout your wee fish, lass.They're going to a better place.That's one month'sdetention.Mrs. Krabappel, we're all upsetby the untimely deathsof Stinky and Wrinklesbut life goes on.So, if I could havemy yo-yo back...If you were mewould you give backthe yo-yo?Here you go...Just kidding.Here you go...Just kidding.Well, would you?Absolutely.P-hih!What's eating you,woman?Your ad saidyou wanted a man.You got yourselfa hummm-dinger.I guess I expectedsomething differentfrom your photo.Just because there'sa little snow on the roof...I forget how the restof that goes.One month's detention.She'll pay for this.Yup, there's your problem.Someone jammeda Malibu Stacy head down here.Edna, happy hourin the teachers' lounge.Just a sec.Hmm.Huh?''One plus one equals two?''''Write Edna K. Box 402.''Hmm.Dear Edna...I never answereda personal ad beforebut I found yours irresistible.My name is...... Woodrow.I like holding handsand dinner by candlelightand oh,yes,I really hate yo-yos.Oh, Woodrow!Maybe we shouldlet the dog in.Marge, dogs love the outdoors.I think he needs a doghouse.What can you do?I bet we could buya nice doghouse for $50.Marge, you're a toolof the doghouse makers.I am not.Yes, you are.You've been brainwashedby all those doghousecommercials on TV.I know. I'll buildhim a doghouse.Oh, I don't know.Don't worry.I drew up a little blueprint.Let me walk you through it.This is a door.He goes through that.This is a roof.And this happy character hereis the sun.He shines down on the house.How was detention today?Oh, not bad.I'm starting to get the hangof the floor waxer.Yes!''Dear Woodrow,you're not likethe other men I've met. ''I'm the 28th presidentof the United States.''I've had some bad experienceswith these ads.I'd like to learn moreabout you, so write soon.Here's a photo that willget your pencil moving. ''You've got a datewith the Xerox machine.Stupid lumber.Damn it!D'oh! I--Oh, the hellwith this!A fellow came in askingfor change for a dollar.I gave him three quartersby mistake.Took me the whole afternoonto find him.Todd, would you likemixed vegetables?Hell no.What did you say?I don't wantany damn vegetables.All right. No Bible storiesfor you tonight.Weren't youa little hard on him?Well, you knewI had a temperwhen you married me.Ned Flandersis on the phone.Oh, if this is aboutthat stupid quarter again, I--Hello, Ned.Sorry to bother you,Reverend Lovejoy.Our son Todd just told ushe didn't want to eathis damn vegetables.You know kids and vegetables.Was it asparagus?No, no, Reverend.The point is he said a bad word.Oh. Oh, right.Well, kids usually pickthese things up from someplace.Find out who's doing it,and direct them to the Bible.Where in the Bible?Uh... page 900.But, Reverend...Damn Flanders.Hey, Lise,a moment of your time.Yeah?Suppose I was writinga second letter to a girland I already used upmy ''A'' material.Ooh, could it bethere's a special someoneyou're nottelling me about?Is it Teri?No.Sheri?No!That girlwith the lazy eye?No.That exchange student Mix!pa?No! It's not for me.It's... homework.Sure it is.Hey, Bart,let's do some homework.Golly, Sergeant Carter,I can't fix yourjeepbut maybe thiswill make it up to you.[ Deep Baritone ]## Galveston, oh, Galveston ##Is this all he watches?He used to watchDavy and Goliathbut he thought the ideaof a talking dogwas blasphemous.Mom, did you saveDad's love letters?Of course I saved them.Well, actually,there's only oneand it's moreof a love postcardfrom some brewery he visited.''Maybe it's the beer talkingbut you've got a buttthat won't quit.They got these big,chewy pretzels here... ''''...Five dollars?.!Get outta here. ''Wow, a side of DadI've never seen!Penny for your thoughts,Miss K.I was just thinking...You wouldn'tbe interested.Try me.It helps to talk.Well, I was just wishingI could meet a manwho likes the way I lookfirst thing in the morning.- Laughs at my jokes.- Uh-huh.- Can fix my car.- Oh, yeah.''Dear Edna,your phototook my breath away.Truly,yours is a buttthat won't quit.Yesterday morningI put your picture upin my garageto inspire me while Igapped my spark plugs. ''At last,we've built the mission.Finally, the villagershave a place to pray.# Bringing in the sheaves ## Bringing in the sheaves ##We shall come rejoicing ##Well, he's not getting itfrom his brotherthat's for darn sure.Damn crappy nails.!Super glue, my butt.!D'oh! You bas..!Hit it..! Shot..! D'oh!Homer?What is it, Flanders?I'm afraid I have a boneto pick with you.If it's about your camcorder,I lost it, okay?No, I came to talk to youabout your... potty mouth.What the hellare you talking about?All of us pull a few bonersnow and then--Go off half-cocked,make asses of ourselves.I don't wantto be hard on youbut I wish you wouldn't cursein front of my boys.Oh, come on now, Flanders.I don't complain about your...moustache.What's wrong with my moustache?Uh, it makes you look likeyou got something to hide.What?People are talking.Lots of people.Okay, misteryou've got a deal.I'll shave offthe soup-strainerif you give the sailor talkthe old heave-ho.Aye, aye... Admiral Butthead.We now return to Two for Tunisiaon Colorization Theater.Ah, my love.A million poets could tryfor a million yearsand still describe butthree-eighths of your beauty.Whoa, slow down, Frenchy.This stuff is gold.''A million poets workingfor a million years...''You're so lucky.When are yougoing to meet him?First, I ask himto send a photo.If he's got everythingwhere it should beI'm reeling him in.Strap on your skates, Gordie.You're going in.Hey, Marge, do you want to hearsomething funny?Flanders thinksI swear too much.Marge, you're not laughing.Well, maybe he's right.Well, what a surprise.Marge sticks upfor Flanders.Can we havea conversationwhere you don't bring upyour hero Ned Flanders?Homer, you brought upNed Flanders.Maybe I do curse a littlebut that's the way God made me,and I'm too old to stop now.No, you're not.After the navy, my fatherused to curse a blue streak.It almost cost him his jobas a baby photographerso my mom put a swear jarin the kitchen.Every time he saida bad wordhe put in a quarter.Well, Margeself-improvement has alwaysbeen a passion of mine.Bring on the swear jar.Do I have to pay if Ihit my hand with a hammer?Yes, Homer.If I catch fire?No, Homer.If I see something weird?Yes, Homer.What about when we snuggle?Hmm...That's okay.''Dear Woodrow,it's time for us to meet.Why don't we go out to dinner?After, we'll go to my apartmentfor some home cookin'. ''Huh?Ay, caramba.!''Hungrily yours, Edna. ''Well, she's dangledon the line long enough.It's time to boat this bass.''When I read your letters,I feel as if you are right herewatching me. ''Bart! Eyes down.Yes, ma'am.''Every second until we meetstabs melike a thousand needles.Join me at the Gilded TruffleSaturday at 8::00.Perhaps laterwe will smooch up a storm.Sexily yours, Woody. ''Huh?Oh, I can't help but feelpartly responsible.Homer,that was a 20.Da..!Oh, you son..!Homer, I owe you one, buddy.No sooner had I shaved offthe old cookie dusterthan a lady cast mein a commercial.These checks keep coming--It's criminal.You dirty bast..!What do you think,Lisa?How's the dogsupposed to get in?Well, he just goes...Ohh!Oh, Woodrow,how could you stand me up?Mrs. K.,you don't need him.There are plentyof good men around.Name one.What's wrongwith Principal Skinner?Seymour? Hmph.Let's just say his mommywon't let him out to play.What about Coach Fortner?Glug, glug, glug, glug...Wow.What about groundskeeper Willy?Ugh! I won't even tell youwhat that guy's into.Bart, you are the closestthing to a man in my lifeand that's so depressingI think I'm to cry.Aah..!Oh, fudge... That's broken.Fiddle-dee-dee.That will requirea tetanus shot.I'm not going to swearbut I am goingto kick this doghouse down!Dad, this is nota commentary on your skillsbut we bought youa new doghouse.With what money?There was plentyin the swear jarand inside the doghouse,there's a little surprise.Maggie.Oh, cute.No, behind her.Beer!How did you know?Where's Maggie?Where's Maggie?There's Maggie!Mom, this is a littleahead of schedulebut I need helpwith my love life.Oh, my special little guyhas a sweetheart.I knew it!Who's your girlfriend?Mrs. Krabappel.- Hmm.- Hmm.Bart, this is your teacher?I'll start goingto parents' night.Homer!You did a cruel thing.Boy, you've got to goto your teacherand tell herthe truth.No, that wouldhumiliate her.I thought that's what youwanted to hear.Let's write heranother letterthat says good-bye,but let's her feel loved.Step aside, everyone.Sensitive love lettersare my specialty.''Dear baby,Welcome to Dumpville.Population: You.''We'll all help.''Though I'll be inoculatingbabies in Kampucheamy heart is with you.''That sucks.How about ''Crocodilesbit off my face''?That's disgusting,and besideswhen a woman loves a man,that wouldn't matter.I may hold youto that, Marge.''I cannot see youfor the next five yearsfor I will be farmingthe ocean floor.''''I must finishthis letter quicklyfor I have onlyfour minutes to live.''Three simple worlds:''I am gay.''Homer, for the last time,I am not putting that.''And anytime I hearthe wind blowit will whisperthe name... Edna. ''Oh, that'svery good, Lisa.''P.S.: I am gay.''How shall we end it?How about, ''With a love thatwill echo through the ages.''Aww.Ooh!That's sweet.Homer, you oldhoney dripper.Why, you little...Hee, hee.Huh?Wait!Wait!''Dearest Edna,I must leave you.Why? I cannot say.Where? You cannot know.How I will get thereI haven't decided yet.But one thing I can tell youany time I hear the wind blowit will whisperthe name... Edna. ''Ohh..!Bart, it's sucha nice day today.Let's have detentionoutside.It's a date.- Shh!