## The Simpsons ##D'oh!It's formulated to rinse cleanwith no oily deposits.Hot dog.And mild enough to use daily.Isn't life grand?What's wrong, sir?Did I get some in your eyes?The shampoo specifically said,''No more tears.''A lovely promise...but one beyond the powersof a mere shampoo.


There's somethingyou're not telling me.Perhaps you'd talk toSnappy the alligator?Maybe.Hello, Mr. Burns.Snappy, it's hard to imagine...but I was once a barefoot boywith cheek of tan.I dreamed of grand slam home runs...and wiping out nationswith the stroke of a pen.There's still time for that.Is there?Controlled nuclear fissionis a demanding mistress.So you feel resentfultowards the plant.Yes, exactly!You know, maybe it's timeI sold the old girl.


Mmm!... Hmm?!D'oh!Ohh, what do they want?Maybe a nap will boost my spirits.I'll get that whale songcassette you like, sir.Oh, it's not fair!I know how you feel, Simpson.I've never seen Mr. Burnsso depressed.People think because he'srich and powerful and cruel...he doesn't have feelings,but he does.I bet he wouldn't sellthe plant for $1 00 million.Ooh, that's a lot of money.D'oh!Uh... Mr. Smithers...do you have change for a dollar?Good, good--try to eat something.Homer Simpson here.It's your stockbroker.Your stock in the plant...just went up for the first timein ten years.I own stock?All employees got some...in exchange for waivingcertain constitutional rights.So, how much did it go up?The book says to make small talk...before getting down to business.- Everybody alive?- Yeah.- Like any sports?- Sure.- Ever go dancing?- Not anymore.- We should get together sometime.- That'd be great.There.Now we trust each other.Well, how are you?Near death!I renew my notary licenseon a weekly basis.So what's my stock up to?Let me punch that upon the computer.Uh... 25? a share.What should I do?Let me put it this way--you'll get $25 if you sell now.Sell! Sell! Sell!Whoo-hoo!Twenty-five dollars!Ooh!Mmm... hot wax.Oh, hammer.##...Fight, fight, fightfight, fight, fight ### The Itchy & Scratchy Show #Mmm.Bart, turn tothe Financial Channel.Aunt Patty says our stockis skyrocketing.Unconfirmed takeover rumors...have pushed Burns Worldwidefrom 1 /8 to 52 and a quarter.Your father's stockis worth $5,200!Wow! 5,200 smackers!Oooh!Ahhh...Hey, Homer.Want a Duff?No, I'd like a bottle...of Henry K. Duff'sPrivate Reserve.Are you sure?'Cause once I open the bottle,there's no refund.For your information...I just made a cool $25playing the market.Buy low, sell high--that's my motto.I may quit my jobat the power plant...and become a full-time...stock market guy.Have a Duff, boys!Oh, thank you.My English is not perfect,but I have to tell you...your beer is like swill to us.Only a swine would drink this beer.Thank you, anyway.You aren't from around here,are you?We are from Germany.He is from the east;I am from the west.I had a big company,he had a big company.Now we have a very big company.We want to buy the power plant.Would your owner ever sell it?Well, I happen to knowhe won't sell it...for less than $1 00,000,000.1 00,000,000?Ein, zwei, drei, vier, funf...Oh, don't worry.We'll have enough leftto buy the Cleveland Browns.It's the miracle...we've been waiting for.What are we spending it on?Homer's probably buyingsome magic beans with it.We'll have a savings account.We've never had one.Kids, I think everything isgoing to be okay from now on.Hey, hey!Oh, Homer!You heard?We heard.Isn't it wonderful?We have some great plansfor that money.I'm afraid I hadsome great plans too.What do you mean?I spent it on beer.Surprise, surprise.You spent $5,200 on beer?!$5,200?What are you talking about?What?I sold it all for 25 bucks!- Oww!- Come on, everybody.It makes you feel better.Hey, Homer.Did you buy this carwith your stock money?Sure did,and the great thing about it...is everybody got rich.For onceus working stiffs got a break.Wait till you see Lenny.He just got back fromthe plastic surgeon.Lenny, looks like yougot the works.It started as an eye tuck,but the stock kept climbing.Come here.Mr. Burns is on TV.Mr. Burns?Here, Mr. Burns.Over here.Mr. Burns.We've heard a German consortiumoffered to purchase the plant.Any comments?You'll see the Statue of Libertywearing lederhosen...before you'll see Germansrunning my plant!Then why are you meeting with them?So I can look Uncle Fritzsquare in the monocle...and say, ''Nein.!''You never cease to amaze me, sir.Hmm?Whoo-hoo!Whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo!Whoo-hoo-hoo!I grudgingly accept.Now, don't worry.You'll find these two gentlemenare as American as apple pie.Hans and Fritz--Why, that's justJohn and Frank.Ich bin ein Springfielder.They'll bring their own people in.This ain't good.We could all lose our jobs.Look at all thoseworried faces...except for Lenny.He looks great.This is the worst day of my life.Those Germans can't fire me.I'm the only one who canunjam the rod dissociator.They can't fire me.I run the gaseous contaminantparticularifier.They can't fire me.- Why?- Why?'Cause...Guten morgen.I am Horst.I'm speaking with you...because I amthe most nonthreatening.Perhaps I remind youof lovable Sergeant Schultz...on Hogan's Heroes.Oh, yeah.Yeah, he does.What is the best way...to an efficient plant?- I don't know.- Well, uh...Search me.Happy workers who feel secureat their jobs--So let's get toknow each other better.Do we have any alcoholics among us?Uh... me.Right here.I'm drunk right now.You'll be givena six-week treatment...at our drying-out facilityin Hawaii...after whichyou'll return at full pay.- Oh, great!- Great.Hey, maybe I'll marryElizabeth Taylor.Lucky drunks.We cannot uber-emphasize...the importance of employee safety.We plan to havesome frank discussions...with your safety inspector.Yeah, sock it to 'em, Horst!Psst. Hey, Homer.Aren't you the safety inspector?D'oh!Mm-hmm-hmm...mm-hmm...That's one big check.You look sharp today, sir.You looken sharpen todayen,mein herr.You looken sharpen todayen,mein herr.That was a gutsy decision, sir.Smithers, come here.I wanted to give you something...and I know youwanted this photo...of Elvis and me.He was good to his mother.Yes, but I couldn't understanda word that man said.''Mr. Burns......hound dog.''Stop it.You're killing me, sir.Sir, what will you do next?I'll get that new hipI've been hankering for.Then, who knows?Beekeeping? Boxing?Bocce ball?The world is my oyster, Smithers.Farewell.Lisa, your father needs your help.Do you know anything about Germany?Well, it's a country in Europe.Good. I'm learning.An economic power of the world.Because we send them money?No.They're efficient and punctual,with a strong work ethic.D'oh!Oh, woe is me.Homie, come to bed.Oh, Marge, I'm going to be fired.I know it.Don't worry.Whatever happens,we'll pay the bills somehow.Marge, it's not the money.My job is my identity.If I'm not a safety ''whatchamajigger,''I''m nothing.Well, if you can't sleep...why don't you dosomething constructive?Ooh... Battlestar Galactica.!Fit, damn you! Fit!There.Yo, Homer, you gotto get ready for work.Uh-huh.What?What am I gonna--Hey, you!Stop being... so unsafe!Smitty... safen up.Could we have a word?No.I must have phrased that badly.My English is inelegant.I meant to say...may we have a brief,friendly chat?No.Failed again.''We requestthe pleasure of your company...for a free exchange of ideas.''Nooo!You've been safety inspectorfor two years.What initiativeshave you spearheaded?Uh... all of them?I see.Then you must havesome good ideas...for the future as well.I sure do!Such as?Well, uh...I wish the candy machine...wasn't so picky about takingbeat-up dollar bills...because...a lot of workersreally like candy.We understand, Homer.After all, we are fromthe land of chocolate.Wow... chocolate, half-price!# La la la-la-la-la-la #Mr. Simpson.# La-la-la-la-la #Mr. Simpson?Huh? Oh, sorry.We were talking about chocolate?That was ten minutes ago.I think I didpretty good in there.Yeah, those Germans aren't so bad.Sure, they've made mistakes in the past,but that's why pencils have erasers.Attention, workers.We have completed our evaluation.We regret to announcethe following layoffs...which I will readin alphabetical order.Simpson, Homer.That is all.Ay, caramba.!Bart, Lisa dida wonderful job on my hair.And we saved $40for the family.We all have to pull togethertill your father gets a new job.I made some soap by squeezingsoap slivers together.That's very clever.Instead of buying comic books,I read them in the store.You shouldn't do that.My jump rope broke,but I tied it together.Good, Lisa.I didn't take a bath todayand may not take one tomorrow.I want you to take baths, Bart.Lousy German know-it-alls.Who are theyto say I'm not safe?Oh, what's the matterwith this thing?No problems here.That's right, Burnsie.Keep your wrist supple.Throw it, don't aim it.This is my park.Get out!It was worth it.This place has gone to hell.It's obscene what they didto your office.You caught me at a bad time.But my folk guitar classhas been canceled.Would you like to get togetherfor a drink?Would I?!I got to go.See you at 6:00.You're going down, my friend.Yes, sir, Mr. Burns.That shouldn't be.Ach du lieber.!Raccoons!That's right.Gather the nectar,my little drones...and make the honey--honey for your children.Fools!Ready for that drink, sir?Just a second.Let me introduce you to the gang.That's Buzz, that's Honey.And you see that queen?Her name is Smithers.That's very flattering,but we should go.Several bees are stinging me.Moe's Tavern.Moe speaking.I'm looking...for a Mrs. O'Problem,first name: Bea.Uh...just a minute, I'll check.Uh... Bea O'Problem?Bea O'Problem?Come on, guys.Do I have a Bea O'Problem here?You sure do.Oh! It's you, isn't it?When I get you, I'm gonnause your head for a bucket...and paint my housewith your brains.Bart, I want you to go downto Moe's Tavern.I need you to bringyour father home.Excuse me.I'm looking for...Wait a minute.I know that voice.If it isn't little Bart Simpson!I haven't seen you in years.That's right.That's my pop.Oh, little Bart.We hear all about your monkeyshines.Bet you get intoall kinds of trouble...he don't even know about.Am I right?Well, I make some crank phone calls.Aw, ha-ha, that's great!Ha-ha-ha!Hey, would you singthat old song...you used to sing for me?Moe, for you, anything.Look.!A blue-collar bar.Oh, Smithers, let's go slumming.Encore!He's a pip, this one is.Ah, the mirthless laughof the damned.Hold your nose, Smithers.We're going in.Watch me blend in.Barkeep,some cheap domestic beer...for me and my buddy here.I'm not your buddy,you greedy old reptile.Smithers, who is this saucy fellow?Homer Simpson.Sector sieben-gruben--I mean, sector 7-G.Recently terminated.I lost my job...so you could haveanother $1 00 million!Does your money cheer you upwhen you're feeling blue?Yes.Bad example.Let me ask you this:Does your money ever hug you...when you come home at night?Why, no.And does it ever say''I love you''?No, it doesn't.# Nobody loves you ## Nobody loves youYou're old and you're ugly #Way to go, Homer!Good heavens, Smithers.They're not afraid of me anymore.Hey, Mr. Burns,did you get that letter I sent?Letter? I don't recall--That's becauseI forgot to stamp it!Ah, that kid slays me.That was no accident.Let's get out of here.# Na na nah nah ## Na na nah nah ##Wa-a-ave ## Good-bye #What good is money...if you can't inspire terrorin your fellow man?I've got to get my plant back.Gott in himmel.!Who'd have thought a nuclear plantcould be such a death trap?It will cost another 1 00 millionjust to bring it up to code.Please sell me my plant back.I'll pay anything.What a happy coincidence!You are desperate to buy,and we are desperate to sell.Desperate, eh?Advantage: Burns.This is my offer.You'll find it's most unfair,but those are the breaks.But this is halfof what we paid you.That's my final offer.Take it or leave it.All right, Mr. Burns, you win.But beware-- we Germansaren't all smiles und sunshine.Ooh, the Germans are mad at me.I'm so scared.Ooh, the Germans!Stop it.Stop that.The Germans are coming after me.Stop the pretendingyou are scared game.They're so big.Stop it, Mr. Burns.Protect me from the Germans!Stop it!Get out!This is my office now!Get out!You too!This is a place of business,not a peewee flophouse!Your orders, sir.Restore my office,cancel all repairs...and rehire that chapwho sassed me in the bar.Homer Simpson? But why?Smithers,I keep my friends close...and my enemies even closer.He'll slowly regain his confidence...as the months and years drift by...blissfully unaware...that the sword of Damoclesis dangling just above his head.Whoo-hoo!I got my job back!Shh!