##Ahh, the Simpsons ##D'oh!Mmm, doughnuts.Hey, Homer, slow down.You're going to chokeor something.Don't tell mehow to eat doughnuts.Hey, Homer's choking again.Isn't there a first aidchart around here somewhere?- Somebody scare him.- That's for the hiccups.Hey, look at this.Softball starts this week.


Softball?Who's next?- Count me out.- Not me.- No way.What's the matter with you guys?Last year we were 2 and 28.It wasn't our best season.Actually, it was.This year it'sgonna be different.What makes you so damn sure?I have a secret weapon.Hey, he's been holding outon us, huh?A secret weapon?I wonder what it could be.Hmm.


- Count me in.- I'm there.Come here, boy.I want to show you something.What's that?A homemade bat?It's something very special--a homemade bat.It all started last year...during a terrible thunderstorm...when I locked myself...out of the house.Sheltering myself witha large piece of sheet metal...I ran for cover underthe tallest tree I could find.Something told methis was a very special...very magical piece of woodthat I could make a bat out of.I put my homemade football on hold...and set to work makingthe world's greatest bat.Homie, come to bed.Homer, go back to the garage.And here it is.Wow! How many home runs...you going to hit with that?We play 30 games,1 0 at bats a game-- 3,000.Hit one here, Charlie!Let's go over the ground rules.You can't leave firstuntil you chug a beer.Any man scoringhas to chug a beer.Chug a beer at the topof all odd-numbered innings.And the fourth inningis the beer inning.Hey, we knowhow to play softball.Play ball!Attention all units!Attention all units!Armored car being robbedat Fifth and Main.Turn off that damn radio!And the next manwants to hit the ball too.And there he goesoff in that direction.And everyone is happy.Mom, why don't youlet me call the game?That's all right, dear.I can do it.Men, stop that!Okay, Homer, bases loaded,and you're up.Where's that secret weapon?Check it out, boys.My magic bat.That's it?Yeah, I got a magic bat too.And I gotan enchanted jockstrap.Yeah.Just watch.Whoo-hoo!All right, Homeboy!Yeah!Ha-ha! Cops can't win!- Get his license and registration.- Right, Chief.Wow, Dad.Homer, can I get you a beer?No. I want to get him a beer.Kids, kids,you can each get me a beer.But first, let's see it againin super slow motion.Why, you--Huh?Ooh!Such a mighty wallop.I got my magic bat off a piano.My sister let me useher wooden leg.Good news, sir.The softball team won again.If we beat Shelbyville,we capture the pennant.Did you hear that, Ari?My boys need only to thump your tub,and the title is ours.Ha!The Gladiatorsfrom my power plant...will crush your teamlike nine flabby grapes.I disagree.Would you care to beta million dollars?Why don't we make it interesting?What, a million dollarsisn't interesting?Did you say a million?I'm sorry.My mind was elsewhere.I thought you would startwith a small amount...we would bait each other and--You know how it goes.Certainly.A million will be fine.Smithers, I've been thinking.Is it wrong to cheatto win a million dollar bet?Yes, sir.Let me rephrase that.Is it wrong if I cheatto win a million dollar bet?No, sir.Who would you like killed?No, Smithers.I've decidedto bring in a few ringers--professional baseballers.We'll give themtoken jobs at the plant...and have them playon our softball team.Honus Wagner, Cap Anson...Mordecai Brown--Uh, sir.What is it, Smithers?I'm afraid all those playershave retired...and, uh, passed on.In fact, your right fielderhas been dead for 1 30 years.Damnation!Find me some good players--living players.Scour the professional ranks--the American League,the National League...the Negro leagues.I'm on my way.Oh, and, Smithers...you have 2 4 hours.I get $50,000 to play one game?That's right, Mr. Canseco.It's a pay cut,but what the hey.It sounds like fun.Uh... oh--Hey, sorry.I thought you were a deer.Oh, that's okay.Happens all the time.Are you Mike Scioscia?That's me.How do you like workingfor the Dodgers?It's okay...but sometimes I wish I hadsomething more blue collar...with big machinesand cool dials and stuff...like an oil refinery...or hydroelectric plant.We should talk.And this is Elvis'rec room.When the King wasn'trehearsing or exercising...he liked to unwind by watchingup to three TVs at once.Man, oh, man, what a lifestyle.Are you Ozzie Smith?Yes.I have a proposition for you.- Hello. Are you Don Mattingly?Yes. Yes, I am.Come in. Come in.Can I get you something?What's your name?How would youlike to be a ringer...on a small-towncompany softball team?Would I?Now I'd like to introduce...the new members of ourhappy power plant family.- Our security guard, Roger Clemens.- Hello.- Ourjanitor, Wade Boggs.- How you doing?- Our lunchroom cashier, Ken GriffeyJr.- Hey, what's up, guys?Our new, well, uh...we'll make up jobsfor these fellas later.Say hello to Steve Sax,Don Mattingly, Darryl Strawberry...Ozzie Smith, Mike SciosciaandJose Canseco.- Ooh.- Wow.- Geez.By the way, you new fellas,there's a sign-up sheet...for the softball teamon the board over there...just in case you wish to play.- Wait a minute.- What's going on?With them on the team,you won't need us.Well, duh.You, Scioscia, sign up.I'm here to run the solidcontaminate encapsulator.One more outburst, and I'llsend you back to the big leagues.- You're Darryl Strawberry.- Yes.- You play right field.- Yes.- I play right field too.- So?Are you better than me?Well, I've never met you,but... yes.It's not fair. We worked so hardto get to the championship game...and we'll be sitting on the bench.You hit so many home runs.What makes you think...this Darryl Strawberryis better than you?Marge, forget it.He's bigger than me,faster, stronger...and he already has more friendsaround the plant than I do.You make me sick, Homer.You're the one who told me I coulddo anything if I put my mind to it.Now that you're older,I can tell you that's a crock.No matter how good you are...there's alwaysa million people better.Gotcha--Can't win, don't try.As your new manager,I want to say this up front--No one is assured a spotin the starting lineup.I don't careif you're Steve Sax...or Darryl Strawberry or--What's oneof the bad players' names?Homer Simpson, sir.Or Homer Simpson.Secondly, instead of beer,you will all drink this.It's a brain and nerve tonic...rich in proteins andelectromagnetic juices.It promotes robust health.It has been knownto cause gigantism...but only in rare cases.Try some.It's like there'sa party in my mouth...and everyone's invited.Excellent.Let's begin our training,shall we?Smithers...the medicine balls.Ugh.Ugh.Here.What are you gonna dowith your million dollars?Throw it in the pile,I suppose.You are all very good players.We are all very good players.You will beat Shelbyville.We will beat Shelbyville.You will give 1 1 0%.That's impossible.No one can give more than 1 00%.By definition, that isthe most anyone can give.I got it!I got it!Yes.Hey!I called for that.Put a lid on it.There's no ''I'' in ''team.''Some of these guyshave a bad attitude, Skip.They sure do, Strawberry.Scioscia, I don't get it.You're a ringer,but you're here every night...busting your butthauling radioactive waste.It's a relieffrom the pressures...of playing big league ball.There, you makeany mistake, and boom--the press is all over you.Uh-oh.Don't worry about it.Oh, man, is this ever sweet.Me, me.Pick me.Pick me, pick me.I pick Ken GriffeyJr.Aw, geez.Okay, I'll take Millhouse.Mr. Boggs,will you be on my team?You got yourself a player.Damn!All right, I'll take Louis.I'll takeJose Canseco.D'oh!Mattingly,get rid of those sideburns.What sideburns?You heard me, hippie.These guys aren't so tough.I've got Wonderbat.Take a knee, boys.Tomorrow is the biggest dayof your lives--The Shelbyville game.So lights out at 7::30...and abstain from coffee,tea and cola drinks.They pack a wallop.Sure do, Skip.Before I postthe starting lineup...I want to assure thosewho are not on the list...that I'm very disappointed in you.Something was lacking.Let's call it heart.- No hustle either, Skip.- That's right, Darryl.All right.Way to go.Aw, nuts.Please, please, please.Clemens, did I make the team?You sure did.I did?Whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo!In your face, Strawberry.Are you Ken GriffeyJr.?No.Didn't meanto get your hopes up.Ohhh.Smithers, there's no wayI can lose this bet...unless, of course,my nine all-stars...fall victim to nineseparate misfortunes...and are unable to play tomorrow.But that will never happen.Three misfortunes,that's possible...seven misfortunes,there's an outside chance...but nine misfortunes--I'd like to see that.What a nice little town.Maybe I'll buy a home herewhen I retire.What seems to bethe problem, officers?That's enough, smart guy.Reach for your license.Slowly.Well, well.Steve Sax from New York City.I heard some guygot killed in New York...and they never solved the case.But you wouldn't knowanything about that...now, would you, Steve?But there's hundredsof unsolved murders...in New York City.You don't know whento keep your mouth shut...do you, Saxy boy?Uh, Mike, try to lift your arm.Can't... lift... arm...or... speak...at... normal... rate.I'm afraid you have a case...of acute radiation poisoning,Mr. Scioscia.Will... I...be... able...to... play...softball... tomorrow?No. By tomorrow...you'll barelybe able to breathe.Oh... man.Dr. Hibbert...Ken GriffeyJr. needsto see you immediately.We think it's an overdoseof nerve tonic.Good Lord!Gigantism!- My baby! My baby!- Don't worry, ma'am.I'll save your baby.Oh, thank you, Mr. Canseco.- My cat!Never fear, ma'am.I'll save your cat.- My player piano!Oh, man.Ohh, one thing I'm good at,and I can't do it anymore.Homie, you're goodat lots of things.Like what?Like snuggling.Yeah, but none of my friendscan watch me.And I say...England's greatestprime minister...was Lord Palmerston!Pitt, the Elder.Lord Palmerston!Pitt, the Elder!Okay, you asked for it, Boggs.Uh!Yeah, that'sshowing him, Barney.Pitt, the Elder.Lord Palmerston!Nice work, boys.We can close the book...on every unsolved crimein our fair city.Don't I get to call my lawyer?You watch too many movies, Sax.How long does it taketo see this thing?I'm in a hurry.It's hard to say.Once you go in,you may never come out.Wow! One, please.Where do you think you're going?To the game.No. I don't want you to see me...sitting on my worthless butt.We've seen it, Dad.For the last time,get rid of those sideburns.I don't know what you thinksideburns are, but--Don't argue with me!Just get rid of them!It's almost game time.Where the devil are my ringers?Mike Scioscia may not livethrough the night.Steve Sax is lookingat six life sentences.Ozzie Smith seems to have vanishedoff the face of the earth.Cool!What about Canseco?The dryer goes on the right.Yes, ma'am.What about Clemens?Sir, he's in no condition to play.That damn hypnotist!You! Look what you've done.My starting pitcherthinks he's a chicken.I'm going to report this...to the AmericanHypnotical Association.But I did a good job...a good job.I guess it's not your fault.You did a good job.Mattingly!I told you to trimthose sideburns.Go home!You're off the team!For good!Fine.I still like himbetter than Steinbrenner.All right, you ragtagbunch of misfits.You hate me,and I hate you even more.But without my beloved ringers...you're all I've got.So I want you to remember...some inspiring things...that someone elsemay have told you...in the course of your lives...and go out there and win.Not so fast, Simpson.The man who playsyour position is here.- Hit the pine.- Ohhh!You stink, Strawberry!We want Home Run Homer!Darryl.Darryl.- Darryl.- Darryl.- Darryl.- Darryl.Children,that's not very nice.Mom, they'reprofessional athletes.They're used to this.It rollsright off their backs.Who wants peanuts?Hey, whoa!Ho, peanuts!Hey, peanuts!We got peanuts!Need some peanuts? Heads up!All right, Monty...it's up to yourmanagerial skills.What to do--Smithers, massage my brain.Yes, sir.You, Strawberry--Hit a home run!Okay, Skip.I told him to do that.Brilliant strategy, sir.Ohhh!Oh, dear! Hmm.Children, tell me...when your father stopsscratching himself.Kids?We'll tell you, Mom.All right, tie game.Bottom of the ninth.Two outs, bases loaded.Strawberry coming up.They're gonna winthe city championship.No thanks to me.Wait.You! Strawberry!Good effort today.Take a lapand hit the showers.I'm putting ina right-handed batter.Pinch-hitting for me?Yes. You're a left-hander...and so is the pitcher.If I send upa right-handed batter...it's calledplaying the percentages.It's what smart managersdo to win ball games.I've got nine home runs.You should be very proud.Sit down.Simpson!You're batting for Strawberry.I am? Whoo-hoo!That a boy, Homer.You can do it.All right, Simpson.Let's go over the signals.- If I tug the bill of my cap like so...- Yeah.- it means the signal is a fake.- Uh-huh.- I can take that offby dusting my hands thusly.- Got it.If I want you to bunt,I'll touch my belt buckle...not once, not twice,but thrice.I don't understanda word he's saying.Why doesn't he just let me bat?I wish I was home witha big bag of potato chips.Mmm... potato chips.- Got that, Simpson?- Yes, sir.Now batting for Darryl Strawberry--Homer Simpson.- All right!- Yea!- Boo!- Boo!Huh?Ugh!Oh, dear!No, Mom.It counts as a hit.Dad just won the game.Well, I guess he'll be happy...when he comes to.We won! We won!All right!Homer! Homer! Homer!## Well, Mr. Burns had done it #### The power plant had won it #### With Roger Clemensclucking all the while ####Mike Scioscia's tragic illnessmade us smile #### While Wade Boggs lay unconscious #### On the barroom tile #### We're talking softball ####From Maine to San Diego #### Talking softball ####Mattingly and Canseco ####Ken Griffey'sgrotesquely swollen jaw ####Steve Sax and his run-inwith the law #### We're talking Homer #### Ozzie and the Straw ######[ Instrumental Break ]## We're talking softball ####From Maine to San Diego #### Talking softball ####Mattingly and Canseco ####Ken Griffey's #### Grotesquely swollen jaw ####Steve Sax ####And his run-in with the law #### We're talking Homer #### Ozzie and the Straw ####