##Ahh, the Simpsons ##D'oh!I hold in my handthe final ax.Ah, heh...That's all the timewe have for today.I'd like to thank Sideshow Mel...Corporal Punishment,Tina Ballerina...and from Knots Landing,Miss Donna Mills.Oh, she was a sport.See you some other time!Hyuk! Hyuk! Hyuk!


Great show, Krusty.I really laughed when--You've gota merchandising meeting.- Cancel it!- Therapist?Cancel it!The line on the Giantsis 5?/.Put a dime on it.''Thank you'' dinnerwith Bart Simpson?I don't know Bart Simpson.The boywho saved you from jail.Well, we made a terrible,terrible mistake.Ah...won't happen again.There was one boywho trusted me...


all along.- Bart?- Yes, sir?Thank you.Oh, yeah.Cancel it!Hello?Mrs. Simpson?Lois Pennycandy,Krusty the Clown's assistant.Hello, Mrs. Pennycandy.It's Miss Pennycandy,I can assure you.I'm sorry to inform you...that Krusty will notbe joining Bart for dinner.This is the fifth timehe's cancelled.How can he hurt someonewho loves him so?Oh, Mrs. Simpson...I've wasted my womanhoodasking that same question.I apologize for him.Something really importantcame up.Lousy mildew!That's good enough.Well, thank you for calling.Good-bye.How many Krusty autographsdo you want?A hundred.Done.Sweetie, I'm sorry...but Krusty isn't comingto dinner again.Oh, man.''Dear Krusty,this is Bart Simpson...''Krusty buddy number 1 6302''respectfully returninghis badge.''I always suspectedthat nothing in life mattered.''Now I know for sure.Get bent. Bart Simpson. ''Ooh, SEX-CHAT!You've reached the party line.You'll be connectedto a hot party...with the world'smost beautiful women.Now let's join the party.Hello?Hello?Hello?Are thereany women here?Hello?!Are you beautiful?Do I sound beautiful?!This is not as hotas I had anticipated.Read this!Uh-- I, um--Uh-- Uh--''Dee--'' Uh--''Deee--''''Dear...''Krus-s-s-t--Why--?''It says the little boy...who never lost faith in youhas lost faith in you.You will go to Bart Simpson'sfor dinner!But I have plans.Hey! Not the face!Why you maddening,impossible man!If you don't go tonight...I won't be here tomorrow.Oh, all right, I'll go.Oh, Krusty!But I hate missing schnapps nightat the Friars Club.Bart, wipe your feet.Why bother?They'll justget dirty again.I've got good news.Krusty is comingto dinner tonight.He is? For sure?Yes.God bless that clown.Hyuk! Hyuk! Hyuk!You think it's him?Cute kid.Oh, hi, Bart.I was just inthe neighborhood--What? Krusty the Clown!What a surprise!Milhouse, you can come in,and drop the charade.Whoa!You don't haveto be on tonight.What are youtalking about?Of course he does.No. Krusty is our guest.Your pratfallsand punchinello antics...aren't necessary here.Really?Yeah.Just relaxand be yourself.Oh, that's a relief.Go wait in the car.Aw! We could have seena monkey.Who wants to say grace?Let's let our guest do it.Bless us, O Lord--Hey!Krusty, do the honors.Well, all right.I'm a little rusty,but, um... I'll try.Baruch ata Adonai...Eloheinu melechha-olam...ha-motzi lechemmin ha-aretz.He's talking funny talk.No, Dad,that's Hebrew.Krusty must beJewish.AJewish entertainer?Get out of here!There are many prominentJewish entertainers...including Lauren Bacall,Dinah Shore, William Shatner...and Mel Brooks.Mel Brooks is Jewish?!Krusty, are you all right?Yes, it's just that sayingthe Brucha brings back...a lot ofpainful memories.The old days...my-my father.Hey, Krusty, yougoing to finish...that meat loaf,or what?Poor Krusty.He's like a velvet paintingcome to life.Krusty, why don't youtell us what's wrong?Spill your guts.Yeah. Come on.Krusty, tell us.Well, okay.First of all...my real name isn'tKrusty the Clown.It's Herschel Krustofski.My father was a rabbi.His father was a rabbi.His father's father--Well, you get the idea.My father wasthe most respected man...in the Lower East Sideof Springfield.People would comefrom miles around...to ask his advice.Reb Krustofski,should I finish college?Yes. No one is poor excepthe who lacks knowledge.Rabbi, should I haveanother child?Yes. Another childwould be a blessing.Rabbi, should Ibuy a Chrysler?Could you rephrase thatas an ethical question?Um... is it rightto buy a Chrysler?Yes-- for great is the carwith power steering...and Dyna-Flo suspension.Papa?When I grow up,can I be a clown?No! A clown is not respected.I'll make people laugh.Herschel, life is serious.Seltzer is for drinking,not for spraying.Pie is for noshing,not for throwing.But, Papa--But nothing!You'll do as I say...or you'll getsuch a zetz...that you won't even knowwhat hit you.Dad wanted me to followin his footsteps...but the pull of clowningwas too strong.I got my first laughsat yeshiva...impersonating my father.Blah, blah, blah... Moses!Boy, you don't have to followin my footsteps.Don't worry.I don't even like usingthe bathroom after you.Why, you little--Krusty, please continue.Okay.My father tried to extinguishthe comedy bug...but it was no use.What are you doing?Go away.Open the door!Oy, gevalt!Close the door!Then came my big break.A Talmudic conferencein the Catskills.I was the entertainment.But the lord worksin mysterious ways.My son, Herschel...was firstin his yeshiva class.He was voted...most likelyto hear God.Go on, Hyman, you'reexaggerating again.A rabbi never exaggerates.A rabbi composes,he creates thoughts...he tells stories thatmay never have happened...but he does not exaggerate.My father would havenever suspected a thing...were it not forone rowdy rabbi.Hey, funny man!No, no, no!Herschel?Herschel,oy vey iz mir!You have brought shameon our family.If you were a musicianor a jazz singer...this I could forgive,but this?I never want...to see you again,you--you clown!I haven't seenmy father since.That is so sad.Do you think aboutyour father a lot?All the time.Except whenI'm at the track.Oh, look!Aww... hmm.Oh, look at you, Bart.Oh, isn't that fun!Ooh, hey! Whoa!Oh, Fourth ofJuly.I can't believethat little boy is you, Bart.Yeah. I got a lotof fond memories.Look at the time.Almost midnight.Do you have any yearbooks?You've seen everything.Milhouse, know any''knock, knock''jokes?I want to go home.Homer, maybe you bettertake Milhouse home.Gladly.Wow! The Concert for Bangladesh.Good night, Krusty.Sorry about your dad.Don't worry about me.I'm a survivor.Did I leave my keys?No!Oh, here they are.Hyuk! Hyuk! Hyuk!Ehh...Hmm... ah... uh... ohh!Academy Award Playhouse...now returns you toHercules Versus the Martians.Welcome to our spaceship,mighty Hercules. Heh-heh.Hello? Hello?!Anybody there?I hear a phone ring...I'm listening,and there's no talking.Why would they call...if they don't wantto talk?Huh?Hee-hee-hee!Aahh!Aahh!Didn't ItchyJunior look happyplaying with his father?And didn't ScratchyJuniorlook happy playing with his dad...until they got run overby the thresher?Wasn't that a beautiful cartoon?For the love of God,cut to the commercial!Poor Krusty!A man who enviesour family...is a manwho needs help.We've gotto do something.Let's move.Reverend Lovejoy...we need you to help usfind a rabbi.Well, before you makeany rash decisions...let me remind youthat the church is changing...to meet the needsof young Christians.We're not converting.We just want to finda Rabbi Krustofski.I do a radiocall-in show with him...every Sunday night.- Really?- I didn't know that.I mention itin my sermon every week.Oh, that radio show.It's all the kids talk abouton Monday at school.Well, why don't you havea free T-shirt?You'll be the coolest kidsin the playground.We'll put them on later.Can you give usthe rabbi's address?Oh, sure thing.Let me check mynon-Christian Rolodex.I bet he misses Krusty.He'll be so happy,he'll cry in his beard.Oh, yes, yes.Rabbi Krustofski?What can I do for you,my young friend?We came to talkabout your son.I have no son!Great, we came all this way,and it's the wrong guy.I didn't mean thatliterally!And in order to keep ourbroadcasting license...we devoteSunday night dead time...to public service showsof limited appeal.In that spirit, we bring youGabbin'About God...sponsored by Ace Religious Supply,where they say...''If we don't got it,it ain't holy.''With us once again,our very own three wise men--Reverend Timothy Lovejoy,Monsignor Kenneth Daly...and RabbiHyman Krustofski.Our first calleris from Shelbyville Heights.With all the sufferingin the world...do you ever wonderif God really exists?No.Not for a second.Not at all.Good conversation there.Our next call now isfor the good rabbi.Hello?I hear breathing,but I don't hear talking.What's going on?Hello? Mister?Some people got nothing to dobut call and hang up.There's all kinds of mishagoyim.Our next caller isa Springfield boy.My name is Dmitri.I'm a first-time caller,long-time listener.If a son defies his fatherand chooses a career...that makes millionsof children happy...shouldn't the fatherforgive the son?I think so.Of course.Absolutely not! Never!Who screens these calls?Who's in charge here?They leave a buildingwithout people watching it?I got a plan that can't fail.Yiddle, my man,you're a genius.I love my work.Oh, the best charity is to giveand not let other people know.But what if your exampleencourages others to give?Speaking of charity...don't you think it's timeyou forgave your son?My boy broke my heart!He turned his backon our traditions...on our faith, and on me.Get out of here,you little pisher.Oy, this guy's tough.We'll have to outsmart him.He's pretty sharp.He saw right throughthis disguise.What? Saul Bellow?The Nobel prize-winningJewish novelist?He wants to have lunch with me?It's a date.Izzy's deli, 1 :00.I'll be there.The French government...wants to give methe Legion of Honor?Where do I receivethis prestigious award?Izzy's deli, 1 :00.Thank you, Monsieur President.Au revoir.Are you kids readyto order yet?Just get us another bowlof complimentary pickles.Watch how fast I go.And for you, sir?I want a nice sandwich,but theJoey Bishop--too fatty.TheJackie Mason--makes me gassy.The Bruce Willis?I don't like his work.What is this--a Krusty the Clown?Ham, sausage and bacon,with a smidge of mayo.What?On white.You tell Mr. Saul Bellow...the Nobel prize-winningJewish novelist...that I lost my appetite.Could you direct me to PresidentFrancois Mitterand's table?You think you're funny?50 million Frenchmencan't be wrong.We've been goingabout this all wrong.What's the one thing rabbisprize above everything else?Those stupid hats?No, Bart-- knowledge.We'll hit him where it hurts--right in theJudaica.''Glub, glub, glub.''''Oh, Noah, Noah,save us, save us!''''No!''This looks good, Bart.Take it to him.You I told to go away.Does it not sayin the Babylonian Talmud...''a child should be pushed asidewith the left hand...and drawn closerwith the right''?Yes.Your religion commands...you make up with Krusty.But in Exodus,the fifth commandment says...''Honor thy fatherand thy mother.''End of story.Oh, it's hopeless.Not quite.I got some dynamite stufffrom Rabbi Simon Ben-Eliazar.''At all times let a manbe supple as a reed...and not rigidas a cedar.''Bart, my short, learned friend,the Book ofJoshua says...''You shall meditate on the Torahall day and all night.''Hmm.Is it not writtenin the Talmud...''who will bringredemption?The jesters.''I'm still not convinced...and this is hardlythe time to discuss it.Here you go, Bart.It's a long shot,but that's all I can do...without learningancient Hebrew.Bart, I am not goingto learn ancient Hebrew.Rabbi, did nota great man say...and I quote, ''TheJews area swinging bunch of people.''I mean, I've heardof persecution...''but what they went throughis ridiculous.''But the great thing isafter thousands of years...''of holding onand fighting...they finally made it.''End quote.I never heardthe plight of my people...phrased so eloquently.Was that Rabbi Hillel?Nope.Judah the Pious?Maimonides?The Dead Sea Scrolls!I'm afraid not, Rabbi.It's from Yes, I Can,by Sammy Davis,Jr.An entertainer,like your son.The candy man?Maybe I'm completely upside downon this whole problem.All the years of joythat I've lost.Why? Because ofmy stubborn ways.There, there, Rabbi.It's not too late.Yeah, yeah, yeah.Hi, kids.Today's show's going to be...the funniest, side-splittingestcavalcade of--Aw, the hell with it.Roll the cartoon.Oh, yeah. My old friends,right next to my heart.Hey, sucha filthy habit.Who asked you?Father?Son.Papa!Herschel!Daddy!Boychick!Oh, Daddy!You're on, Krusty.Oh, uh--Boys and girls...I'd like to be seriousfor a moment, if I may.Spotlight, please.I just wanted--I just want--Come on, guys.I'm not doingthe spotlight bit.Let's have a warm Krusty welcomefor my estranged father...Rabbi Hyman Krustofski.Lenny...a little reconciliation music,if you please.Come on, Dad.You know the words.I got something in my eye.Take my hankie.Eeyugh!We haven't seen each otherin 25 years!Oh, I love you, son.I love you, too, Daddy.Oy, a klop tsu deer!Hyuk! Hyuk! Hyuk!Shh!