##Ahhh, the Simpsons ##D'oh!Ooh!Ooh, ooh, ooh, what?Hello?Dad, the school talent show--I know, it's tonight.I broke my last saxophone reed.I need a new one.Isn't this somethingyour mother's better at?I called her.She's not home.I also tried Mr. Flanders, Aunt Patty,Aunt Selma, Dr. Hibbert, Reverend Lovejoy...


and that nice man who caughtthe snake in our basement.Wow. And after them...out of all the people in the world...you chose me.Uh-huh.Number 4?/ reed. Got it.You're in fora whale of a show tonight.The doors are now locked,so you parents can't sneak out...after your own child has performed.Let me caution the peoplein the first five rows--You will get wet.Just in the nick of--Mmm. Beer.I've only got five minutestill the music store closes.


Go there first.Do I tell you what to do?Sorry, Homer.Tip the glass.Sorry, Homer.This is a whole lot of nothing.I'd rather watch the boilers.Make sure you returnthose chairs to the cafeteria.I'm not kidding.Ah... finished,with 1 5 seconds to spare.Ah!D'oh! D'oh!D'oh! D'oh!What's the matter, buddy?The moron next door closed early.I happen to be that moron.Oh, me and mytrenchant mouth!Oh, terrible,just terrible.They seem to get worse every year.Ha, ha, ha!Wonderful!This is the best batchwe've ever had.And now, here's Bart Simpson...the boy of a thousand voices.I'd like to openwith my impression of...Principal Skinner.Duh, look at me.I'm Principal Skinner.That young man just became...the boy of a thousand days detention.I wonder what lunch lady Dorishas for us today.Today's special is refried...dog poop.Please! You've gotto open that store.Let me think about it.Uh... no.Okay, but I want youto see a picture...of the little girlyou're disappointing.Well, I don't have one.Come on,Jer.Open up.I pulled youout of that burning car.Okay, but now we're even.What does your daughter need?I wrote it down.''Number... Number 4?/--''Stupid gum!''Number 4?/ reed.''Whoo-hoo!Mm-hmm. What instrumentdoes she play?I don't know.Mom, where is he?If I don't get that reed,I'll sound terrible.Don't worry, honey.I'm sure your father is...maybe--No.That's a long shot.Bingo.Don't worry.He'll be here.- Clarinet? Oboe?- No.- Saxophone?- No.What was that last one?Saxophone.Hmm...Lisa, stop playing that stupid--Saxophone! That's it!Alto or tenor?D'oh!This act is over!Well, ladies and gentlemen...I'd like to put this filth behind us...and let's all enjoy...Lisa Simpson's rendition...of''Stormy Leather.''Uh, ''Weather.''Sounds like that gopherI caught in me lawn mower.Ew, I'd hate to bethat kid's father.Uh-oh.That will do.It's not my fault.It's the reed.Oh, yes, of course.It's the reed.Let's hear it for Lisa Simpson...and her wacky sax.Yeah!Whoo!Must be her father.Whoo, yeah...Who ordered a Mount Bellyache?I ordered it for my little girl.I'm done.Oh! That cost $88!I don't feel much like eating.Look, I let you downand I apologize.I know that doesn't make it right.I hope you can forgive me.I forgive you.D'oh! You didn't mean that.No, I didn't.Look, Homer...Lisa's taking her first steps.You're taping it?Yes.I'll watch it later.The plane,the plane!No, my freakish little friend.Hmm.Da-da.Da-da.Did you hear that, Homer?Marge, please-- I'm busy.No wonder she hates me.Oh, I never even noticedshe was alive.If you want to make up with Lisa...spend some time with her.Ohh! Okay!Ahh!Maybe I should give up on Lisa...and make a fresh startwith Maggie.Stop looking for the quick fix.If you keep spending timewith Lisa, she'll forgive you.If I spend any more timedoing girl things...I'm going to, you know, go fruity.No, you were right the first time...with that quick fix idea.Let's see-- quick fix, quick fix.I'll buy her that ponyshe's always bugging me for.We can't afford it.With today's gasoline prices,we can't afford not to.Ridiculous.When I look in Lisa's eyes...I don't see love.That's no reason to buy a pony.When you yell at me,I see love in your eyes.Stick to the subject.# Uh-huhyou love me #Let's be realistic.A pony is expensive.We have enough troublepaying bills as it is.Yeah, yeah, yeah.Promise me you won't buy a pony.Hmm.Was that a yes or a no?Baa.Those aren't even words.Sna.Oh, my, what's that smell?Oh, it's you.Excuse me.Do you sell ponies?Sure, pal. Right here.''Scottish Deer Hound.''Hey, this is a dog!My friend, you're smarterthan I gave you credit for.I suggest you try the pony farmon Route 401 .Merely take a leftat the rendering plant.Lady, I'm buying a ponyfor my little girl...and I don't care what it costs.Very good.That stunning creature over there...is half a million dollars.Half a million dollars?!He was sired by Seattle Slew.His mother wonthe Kentucky Derby.His likenessgraces a stamp in Tanzania.Sold.Mr. Simpson, do you have...half a million dollars?Sure, let me write you a check.Mr. Simpson...this check is datedJanuary 1 , 2054.Is there a problem with that?Our ponies start at $5,000... cash.Isn't there like a pound...where you can pick up cheap ponies...that ran away from home?I sincerely hope not.I'd like...to borrow $5,000.Sorry.I can't approvea loan that size myself.Hello.''Simpson.''How can I help you?Mr. Burns,you do this personally?It's a hobby.I'm not in this for personal gain.Are you acquainted with ourstate's stringent usury laws?Usury?Silly me.I made up a wordthat doesn't exist.What is the purpose of this loan?I want to buy a pony.Isn't that cute?He's planning on joiningthe horsey set.That is it, isn't it?You're not planning to eat it?It's for my little girlbecause she doesn't love me.Shut up, Simpson.You have any collateral?Smithers, let's not be so cold.His spirit is my collateral.Just sign this formand the money will be yours.Sorry, I was just thinking...of something funnySmithers did today.I didn't do anything funny, sir.Shut up.Mr. Simpson...are you quite sure you knowhow to take care of a pony?Of course.Simpson, you've done it again.Oh!I love you, Dad!Mmmmm.I am very upset with you.Sounds like someone's angling...for a pony of her own.How come Lisa gets a pony?She stopped loving me.So get me a moped.I know you love me,so you don't get squat.Snowball II,Santa's Little Helper--This is Princess.Please don't exclude herbecause she's different.Where were you planningto keep this horse?I've got it figured out.By day, it will roam freearound the neighborhood...and at night,it will nestle snugly...between the cars in our garage.Dad, no!That's illegal.That's for the courts to decide.Marge, she loves me.Dad, I think Princessbelongs in a stable.Stable?That sounds expensive.This is what love costs a month?These are standard fees, Mr. Simpson.Plus, I'm teaching your daughterriding, grooming...and at no extra charge,pronunciation.You've made methe happiest girl who ever lived.Oh, nuts.What do I do? What do I do?If you want to go right...move the joystick left.Yes. Move the--What's a joystick?Oh, oh!Here comes a Xylon cruiser!Go into hyperspace!Wait! Where's the hyperspace?Grandpa, you're the spaceship.I thought I was this guy.- Oh!- Oh!Game's over.I got down on the floor for this?!Wait, Dad.I've got something for you.I was hoping...it would be money.Hmm, dear. We'rein serious trouble here.We're just going to haveto cut down on luxuries.Well, we're always buying Maggie...vaccinations for diseasesshe doesn't even have.We could cut down on beer.We're not going to do that.Then there's no choicebut to give up the pony.First you didn'twant the pony.Now you want meto take it back.Make up your mind.Homer!Lisa loves me.The pony stays.You got us into this.You get us out.There's plenty of money out there...for a guy who's willing to work.Do you have any jewelryyou don't need?Mmmmm.You're so beautiful.Oh, you haven't touchedyour salt lick.Num-num. Good salt lick.Need money. Need money.One scratch-for-cash.Here you go.Liberty bell.Two liberty bells.Come on,come on, come on--Oh.Yes!Whoo-whoo!Three liberty bells!That will be $1 0,000, Apu.Congratulations, Mr. Homer.Thank you.If I could see the ticket--There it is.Please to be removing your thumb.No.Yes, please. I must insist.No. No.You can't see--Yes, I must--No! Let go!You're ripping it.A cherry.Oh, Mr. Homer...what has reduced youto such cheap chicanery?Oh... I need money.If you need money...you should havejammed a gun in my ribs...or inquireabout my help wanted sign.You need help?Someone for the demanding...high profilemidnight to 8:00 a.m. shift.I'm your man.You're hired.I dreamed of the day...one of you would work for me.She certainly tamed that horse.But what man can tame her?I won't lie to you.On this job,you will be shot at.Each bullet woundis a badge of honor.''Badge of honor''--Here's a pointer.Try taking it in the shoulder.These hot dogs have been herefor three years.They are strictly ornamental.There is only one bozowho comes in and buys them.But I eat-- Oh.The perfect crime.Homer, where have you beenall night?I was so worried.Let's go in the other room.I did something I'm ashamed of.The kids can't hear it.Busted.I'll work midnight to 8:00.Come home, sleep five minutes...eat breakfast,sleep six minutes, shower.I have ten minutesto bask in Lisa's love...Then I'm off to the power plant,fresh as a daisy.Oh, my God, she killed him.Mmm. Salty.Homer!Are you stealing Squishies?No, sir.This next song is also...about a girl and her pony.It's called ''Wildfire.''Come on, Apu, honey, loosen up.Ohh!I'm sorry, baby.While I'm here with you...my store is going down the tubes.Three dollarsand 51 ... 52... 53 cents.Homer, you are asleepat your post!Go change the expiration dates...on the dairy products.Yes, sir.Sorry, baby. Date's over.Homie, how long do youplan to do this?I don't know.How long do horses live?30 years.D'oh.Mustn't sleep.Must monitor core.Hello?I called to say I love you.Thanks.When is she goingto stop loving me?I heard Milli Vanilli was arrested...for impersonating a McNugget.Well, it's still fun to be up late.Hey, Homer, where you going?Going for...eight-hour walk.Homer. Homer.Homer sleep now.What's wrong with Dad?He's just exhausted.Lisa, do you know whatit costs to keep a pony?No.Well, it's a lot.Your father hadto take a second job.Poor guy.Where's he working?The Kwik-E mart.I hope you realize...that your father can't keep this up.You're making megive up Princess?We can't make you.I can make her.Give me five minutesalone with her.No, Bart.No one's making her.Lisa has to decide for herself.All the years I've lobbiedto be treated like an adult...have blown up in my face.Hey!When I ordered...that blueberry Squishy,I meant today.Coming right up, sir.And fill it to the top time.Yes, sir.She likes a little carrotafter her oats...and she likes it...when you scratch herbehind the ear.She likes contemporaryadult radio in the morning...and easy listening at night.Please take good careof my Princess.Although there is no changein my patrician facade...my heart is breaking.I'll never forget you.What the?You call this melted cheesereceptacle clean?The young man you replacedis rolling over in his grave.You don't have to do this.Yes, I do.You see, Lisa...grown-ups havea thing called money.Dad, I understand the sacrificeyou've made for me.That's why I gave up the pony.You did?There's a big dumb animal...I love more than that horse.What is it, a hippopotamus?I mean you, you dummy.Oh.Apu, you can take this joband restaff it.Giddy-up, Dad!He slept, he stole...he was rude to the customers.Still, there goesthe best damned employee...a convenience store ever had.Shh!