##Ahh, The Simpsons ##D'oh!Stupid junk mail.Yeah. Win this.I'll see that he gets it.How dumb do they think I am?Huh? A check?One million dollars.I'm rich!Mr. Simpson, I can assure you,this check of yours is nonnegotiable.Oh, yeah?Well, what makes you so damn sure?See where it says ''Void, void, void''and ''This is not a check''?


''Cash value1 /20th of a cent.''- '' Mr. Banker, do not honor.''- Shut up.I had a feeling it wastoo good to be true.Every time you get a million dollars,something queers the deal.I don't think real checkshave exclamation points.Well, at least we gota free sample of Reading Digest.Marge, I never reada magazine in my life,and I'm not gonna start now.Hey, a cartoon!Ain't it the truth?No, it's not the truth, Homer.It's well-documented that womenare safer drivers than men.Oh, Marge, cartoonsdon't have any deep meaning.They're just stupid drawingsthat give you a cheap laugh.Hey, Einstein,put down your reading.


- It's lunchtime.- You go ahead.Hey, you don't wanna eat?What you do, get one of themstomach staples?As Tolstoy saidin Quotable Notables...''Give me learning, sir,and you may keep your black bread.''- Who is that bookworm, Smithers?- Homer Simpson, sir.Simpson, eh?How very strange.His job descriptionclearly specifies an illiterate.We now return to Troy McClureand Delores Montenegroin Preacher With a Shovel.But Irrigation can saveyour people, Chief Smiling Bear.Marge, look at themstaring at that idiot box.God forbid they wouldever read somethingand improve their minds.You've certainly takena shine to that magazine.It's not justone magazine, Marge.They take hundreds of magazines,filter out the crap...and leave you with somethingthat fits right in your front pocket.God! Those kids don't knowwhat they're missing.- Dad!- Hey, what gives, man?We're all going to sit downas a family...and listen to an inspiring storyof wilderness survival.''Then I heard the sound...''that allarctic explorers dread--the pitiless barkof the sea lion.''He'll be killed!Homer, he obviously got out aliveif he wrote the article.Don't be so--Oh, you're right.Homey, put down your magazinefor a minute.- Huh?- I thought you might wanna snuggle.That reminds me.''Seven ways to spice upyour marriage.''Marge, ''You have a nice body...and if you'd like tosee me in a costume,you have only to ask.''Thank you, Homey.- Wow! Little meat loaf men!Where did you getthe idea for this, Mom?Where do you think?This baby never steersyou wrong, and it was free!- Free.- It certainly has enriched our lives.Wow. ''Win a tripto Washington, D.C.All expenses paid.V.I.P. tour.''- Oh, it's for kids.- Wait, Dad!An essay contest.''Children under 1 2.Three-hundred words,fiercely pro-American.''Sounds interesting.Bart, maybe this is somethingyou'd like to do too.Mom, it's a nice thought,but we both know thatthis is the pony to bet on.What would Ben Franklin sayif he were alive today?He'd say, uh...''Think of a better opening.''- How's it going, honey?- Not very well.Well, when I used toget stuck like this,I'd go for a bike ride.- Do kids goon bike rides anymore?- Yes!I don't know.I thought maybe bikesweren't cool anymore.- Do kids still use that word ''cool''?- Yes, Mom!Okay, America, inspire me.Wow, a bald eagle.Hmm.Thanks for driving meto the contest, Dad.Sweetheart, there's nothingI wouldn't do for that magazine.''So burn the flag if you must,but before you do...''you better burna few other things.''You better burn your shirtand your pants.'' Be sure to burnyour TV and car.''Oh, yes, and don't forgetto burn your house...''because none of those thingscould exist without six white stripes...seven red stripesand a hell of a lot of stars.''- Thank you very much.Yeah! Damn right!'' Recipe for a free country:Mix one cup liberty withthree teaspoons of justice.Add one informed electorate.Baste well with veto power.'''' My back is spineless.My belly is yellow.I am the American nonvoter.''''Stir in two cups of checks.Sprinkle liberally with balances.'''' Ding, dong. The soundsof the Liberty Bell.Ding-- freedom.Dong-- opportunity.Ding-- excellent schools.Dong-- quality hospitals.''''When America was bornon that hotJuly day in 1 77 6...''the trees in Springfield Forestwere tiny saplings,trembling towards the sun.''And as they were nourishedby Mother Earth...''so too did our fledgling nationfind strength...''in the simple idealsof equality and justice.''Who would have thoughtsuch mighty oaksor such a powerful nation...could grow out of somethingso fragile, so pure?''- Thank you.- What do you think?- It's good.A little too goodfor an eight-year-old.Me thinks I detectthe sickly scent of the daddy.Mr. Simpson, I'd like toask you a few questionsabout your daughter's essay.- Lisa, will you excuse us?- Okay.''We the purple''?What the hell was that?- Are you a professional writer?- Mm-mmm.Are you interested inpolitics or government?I don't know.- Are you interested in anything?- I don't know.- Could you touch your nose for me? Hmm.- Mm. Hmm.Lisa, after meetingyour father...I've decided to award youan additional five points.Congratulations.You and your familyare going to Washington.Wa-hoo!Who would have guessed...reading and writingwould pay off?- Yes, sir, can I get you something?- Playing cards, notepad...aspirin, sewing kit,pilot's wing pin...propeller-shaped swizzle stick,sleeping mask...- and anything elseI've got coming to me.- I'll see what I can do.- Hmm.- Steward!Little boy, I bet you'd like tovisit the cockpit.Ooh-ooh, baby!And this control stick is likethe handlebars on your tricycle.Now, would youlike to see wherewe hang our coats?No, thank you.I'd rather pushthis button. Oops!- No!- We're all gonna die!Look, Marge, that guy hasthe same last name we do. Taxi.!Oh, look, Homer,the I.R.S.- Boo!- Oh, boo yourself.[ Marge ]Here we are, kids.The Watergate.- Hey!Homer, look.!They give you a shower cap...and body geland bathrobes.And a welcoming minton your pillow.Wow, a shoehorn.Just like in the movies.Shoe goes on, shoe goes off,shoe goes on, shoe goes off.Shoe goes on,shoe goes off.Hey, I call first bedsies.Bart, there's no such thingas first bedsies.You just made that up.Well, okay,which one do you want?I... want... that one.Really?You want that one?It's all yours.Whatever you say.- Why? What's wrong with it?- Nothing.- Have a good night's sleep, Lisa.- No, really, what?- Nothing.- What did you do to it?- Nothing.- Mom!What the-- D'oh!Stupid welcoming mint!- Hello?- Good morning.This is your wake-up call.Wake-up call?It's 2:00 a.m.Sorry, fatso.Free food?Lisa, I'm Faith Crowley--patriotism editor of Reading Digest.Oh, I love your magazine.My favorite section is'' How to Increase Your Word Power.''That thing is really,really, really... good.Well, good.Lisa, I'd like you to meetsome other finalists.- This is Trong Van Dinhand Maria Dominguez.- Hello.Maria is the NationalSpelling Bee Champion.And Trong has won boththe Westinghouse Talent Search...and the NFL Punt,Pass and Kick Competition.Have either of you ever runinto any problems becauseof your superior ability?- Hmm?- Sure, I guess.- Oh, me too!These are specialV.I.P. badges.They'll get you into placesother tourists never see.- Miss, what does the ''I'' stand for?- Important.- Oh! How about the ''V''?- Very.- Oh! And, miss,just one more question.- Person.Ah!- What does the ''I'' stand for again?- Oh!- ''On this spot, Richard Nixonbowled back-to-back 300 games.''- Yeah, right.Wow, the president's bathroom.- Do you mind?- Barbara Bush!Oh, you havethose damn badges.Okay. This tubwas installed in 1 894.Mmm. Money.Hey, watch it, chief.Folks, we print more than1 8 million bills a day.Oh, and in caseyou were wondering...no, we don't give outfree samples.Lousy, cheap country.Bart, get outof The Spirit of St. Louis.!- Hey, what's so funny.- Oh, Marge, grow up!Congressman, this is, uh,Springfield National Forest.- Now, basically, what wewanna do is cut her down.- Uh-huh.As you can seein our artist's rendition,it's full of old growth...just agingand festering away.In comes our logging companyto thin out the clutter.It's all part of nature's,you know, cycle.Well,Jerry, you're a whaleof a lobbyist, and, uh...I'd like to give you a logging permit,I would, but, uh...this isn't likeburying toxic waste.People are gonna noticethose trees are gone.Eh, Congressman, this is whereit gets awkward.I-- I never quite knowhow to put this.- I just want to--- Offer me a bribe?- Oh, what is it?It's that little girl from Springfieldwho wrote the essay.- Could be a good photo-op.- Sure, fine.- So, uh, where do we--- Duh, duh, duh, Not here.I've got a little place thatI use for these, uh, matters.Call me tonight.- Well, hi there.You must be Lisa Simpson.- Hello, sir.Lisa, you're a doer,and who knows, maybe someday...you'll be a congressmanor a senator.We have quite a fewwomen senators, you know.- Only two. I checked.You're a sharp one.Well, how about a few pictures?Tot shot always playsin the sticks.Oh, isn't that nice?Now there isa politician who cares.If I ever vote,it'll be for him.Mom?Lisa, the contestisn't for three hours.I'm too excited to sleep.Anyone up for theWinifred Beecher Howe Memorial?- Who's that?- An early crusader for women's rights.She led the Floor MopRebellion of 1 91 0.Later, she appeared onthe highly unpopular7 5-cent piece.- Okay, but you don't knowwhat you're missing.Oh!''I will iron your sheetswhen you iron out...the inequitiesin your labor laws.''- Amen, sister.I told youno one ever came here.So, Bob, where do we standon Springfield Forest?Do I get my logging permit?Well, let me put itthis way,Jerry. Timber!- What a pooch.- Woof woof!.How can I read my essay now?I don't believe my own words.Honest Abe--he'll show me the way.- Mr. Lincoln--- Mr. Lincoln,I need your advice.What can I do to make thisa better country?Is this a good timeto buy a house?- I can't get my boy to brush.- Would I look goodwith a mustache?I tried using turpentine,but that just made it worse.Mr. Lincoln?Mr. Lincoln?My name is Lisa Simpson,and I have a problem!Mr.Jefferson,my name is Lisa Simpson...- and I have a problem.- I know your problem.The Lincoln Memorialwas too crowded.- Sorry, sir. It's just--- No one ever comes to see me.I don't blame them.I never did anything important--just the Declarationof Independence...the Louisiana Purchase,the dumbwaiter--Maybe I should be going.I caught you at a bad time.Wait! Please don't go.I get so lonely.The truth must be told.Oh.! Oh.! Oh.! Oh.!Rudy, my man,you're a miracle worker.Your laundry, sir.There you go.Buy yourself something nice.- Thank you.- Bart, are you ready togo to--- I'll room service you.!- Before you kill me...remember, this tripis all expenses paid.- Thank you.- Oh, this guy is awful.I know, honey,but just sit still.- Welcome, everyone,to the awards luncheon.I'd like to introduceour distinguished judges...who will selectour scholarship winner.Former Redskins greatAlonzo Flowers...perennial third-party candidateWilson DeFarge...Senate page Brad Fletcher...skin care consultant Rowena...and wealthy gadaboutChilton Gaines.Our first essayistwill be Lisa Simpson.Lisa? Lisa?- Oh, there she is.Lisa Simpsonwill now read her essay--I would like to reada different essay, if I may?Um-- Okay.The city of Washington was builton a stagnant swamp...some 200 years agoand very little has changed.It stank thenand it stinks now.Only today, it isthe fetid stench of corruptionthat hangs in the air.- Cool! A ruckus.And who did I seetaking a bribe...but the honorableBob Arnold.- But don't worry, Congressman...I'm sure you can buyall the votes you needwith your dirty money.And this will be one nationunder the dollar...with libertyand justice for none.Senator, there's a problemat the essay contest.- Please, son, I'm very busy.- A little girl...- is losing faith in democracy.- Good Lord!Congressman, we want to drill foroil in Teddy Roosevelt's head.Well-- Teddy who?- Congressman...you're under arrest.- You work fast.- I work for Uncle Sam.We will now voteon the House bill 1 022--the expulsion of Bob Arnold.Mr. Speaker, I'm all for the bill,but shouldn't we tack on...- a pay raise for ourselves?- No.!Okay, this should makemy bosses very happy.- Your bosses?- Yep. All 250 million of them.When my family arrivedin this country four months ago...we spoke no Englishand had no money in our pockets.Today, we own a nationwide chainof wheel-balancing centers.Where else but in America--or possibly Canada--could our family findsuch opportunity?That's why whenever I seethe stars and stripes...I'll always be remindedof that wonderful word ''flag.''There will be a brief recesswhile the judges tabulate their votes.Lisa, what'sgotten into you?Yeah, your other speechwas a little more crowd pleasing.I'm sorry, Dad.I couldn't think of a nice wayto say America stinks.Extra! Extra!Feds nab rotten rep.Give me one of those.''Imprisoned congressmanbecomes born-again Christian. ''I can't believe it.The system works.- He already sang this song.- No, that was about the budget gap.- This is the trading gap.And nowthe moment of truth.Will the winning essay be'' Bubble on, O melting pot''?''Lift high your lamp,Green Lady''?''USA, A-OK''?Or ''Cesspool on the Potomac''?Cesspool! Cesspool! Cesspool!Cesspool! Cesspool!And now the winner is...'' USA, A-OK,''by Trong Van Dinh.D'oh!Miss Crowley, thank youfor this oversized novelty check.I would like share this honorwith all of my fellow essayists...particularlythe courageous Lisa Simpson...whose inflammatoryrhetoric reminded us...that the price of freedomis eternal vigilance.- Give her the check!I was serious.- Ow.!- Bart!Lis, you taught me to stand upfor what I believe in.Shh!