##Ahh, the Simpsons ##D'oh!Products you could only imagine before.The Foam Dome.TheJet Walker.Mr. Sugar Cube.That baby changed our lives.I'm actor Troy McClure.You might remember mefrom such TV series as...Buck Henderson, Union Buster...and Troy and Company'sSummertime Smile Factory...


but I'm here to tell youabout Spiffy...the 21 st century stain remover.Let's meet the inventor--Dr. Nick Riviera.Thank you, Troy.Hi, everybody.Hi, Dr. Nick.Troy, I brought with methe gravestone...of author and troubled soul,Edgar Allan Poe.One of our best writers.Yes, but unfortunatelya century of neglect...has turned this tombstoneinto a depressing eyesore.I guess we're gonna have tothrow it away.Not so fast, Troy.With one application of Spiffy...you'll think the body'sstill warm.


Ooh!Ahh!''Quoth the raven--''What a shine!Ooh! That's one clean tombstone.- Dad, you got a power drill?- In the garage.I'm offering three bottles--enough to clean 1 ,000 tombstones--for only $39.95.Boo!I'm afraid you're gonna haveto do better, Doctor.Yeah, give us a break, Doctor.But how can I make it lower than $39.95?Find a way.I can't find the safety gogglesfor the power saw.- If stuff starts flyingjust turn your head.- Check.Okay. I'll throw in a fourth bottle...the applicator glove...and a state of KansasJell-O mold--$29.95.- D'oh! D'oh!Okay. Okay, calm down.Homer, can you get the door?It's my sisters.- Homer, be nice.- Okay, I will. I will.Coming over here--Patty, Thelma,what a pleasant surprise!What do you know.He's wearing pants.I owe you lunch.Ugly.Ugly. Butch.What's the matter?Can't you find a hairstyle you like?Hold the phone.That's the one for me.- Ed Asner?- No, next to him.Mary Tyler Moore.- Mmm.- Mmm.- Mmm.Expiration date,June 1 989...uh, 201 2, yeah.Homer, are you ordering junkoff the TV again?Shh! They'll hear you.Oh, who's using the power tools?I don't know.Some guy, I guess.We're going to the beauty parlor.You should do somethingwith the kids while I'm gone.Oh, sure, great idea.I'd love to.D'oh! Did you hear that?- Yes.- How much?- Everything.- What's the quickest, easiest wayto do something with you?Take us to the video store?Anything for my little girl.Bart!You can't weldwith such a little flame.Stupid kid.Ooh! McBain.Mm-mm-mm.McBain, you keep eating them hot linksyou never gonna make it to a pension.- Come on, live a little.- No, thank you.I got me a future.I'm two days away from retirement.My daughter's graduatingfrom college.Little Suzie is growing up.As soon as we nail Mendozamy old lady and I...are gonna sail around the worldlike we always wanted.We just christened a boat.Yes, sir, everythingis gonna be just perf--Aaah!Damn, damn, damn. McBain.- Yes?- I'm not gonna make it.Oh, stop talking crazy.Just do one thing for me.Get... Mendoza.Mendoza!- You want to rent it, sir?- Why?I just saw the best part.Ooh.Death by Knockout,Blood on the Ice.Ho, ho!Football's Greatest Injuries.- Lisa, we're going.- But I can't find Happy LittleAllison Tinkly-Winkly Town.Just grab something.All these movies are great.Look at this. ''Test your F.Q.--Fatherhood Quotient.''Maybe you should try it on Homer.He'll fail it.Uh-huh. In a second.Well, I don't know.Oh, now Henry Winkler,there's a father.Listen to what he tolda close friend.''I don't always keep my coollike the Fonz...but my love for my kids has given meplenty of happy days.''Mmm.They call himthe Galloping Gazelle.His habitat-- the frozen tundraof Soldier Field.For six seasons and two Pro Bowlshe grazed on the tasty green turfof the end zone...until one fateful Sundayin November...when the Gazelle was stoppedin his tracks...by a big cat namedWayne Shashefski.Homie, we're back.Don't mind that clod, Patty.You could turn the world onwith your smile.Could you turn off the TV?- There's a test I want you to take.- Oh, great.You made me miss Joe Theisman.This is from theNational Fatherhood Institute.It evaluates your knowledgeof your son and rates you as a father.Oh, Marge.Question one.''Name one of your child's friends.''Uh, let's see, Bart's friends.Well, there's the fat kidwith the thing.The little wiener who's alwaysgot his hands in his pockets.They want a name,not a vague description.Okay. Hank?Hank? Hank who?- Hank...Jones.- Homer, you made that up.Question two.''Who is your son's hero?''- Steve McQueen.- That's your hero.''Name another dad you talk toabout parenting.''- Next.- ''What are your son's hobbies?''He's always chewingon that phone cord.- He hasn't done that since he was two.- Then he has no hobbies.Oh, really? Maybe you should go outto the garage and see.Bart. Bart!- What?- Do you have any hobbies?- No, not really.- Well, that's what I--Wait a minute.What are you doing?- Building a soap box derby racer.- D'oh! That's a hobby.Hey, so it is.Oh, my God.I don't know jack about my boy.I'm a bad father.You're also fat.I'm also fat!National Fatherhood Institute.Please hold.National Fatherhood Institute.- Dave speaking.- I'm Homer Simpson.I just took your test.I got a zero.Good Lord! A zero?Lana, cancel my 1 :00.Mr. Simpson, we'll send a wood-paneledstation wagon over for you immediately.Hey, Bart, where didyou get the lumber?As three-time derby champRonnie Beck says...''Poorly guarded construction sitesare a gold mine.''A conventional design.Yeah? Are you buildinga racer, Martin?In between other projects.If you'll excuse me, I've bookedsome time at the wind tunnel.Good-bye, son.Bart, I think they're finallyhauling your dad away.Maybe it's for the best.For starters, Mr. Simpson...take this copy of Fatherhoodby Bill Cosby.If he's as smartas he is funny, I'm sold.If you want to be a good father,you have to spend time with your son.That's easy for you to say...you preachy,egg-headed institute guy.- How much do you see your son?- Why don't you ask him yourself?- Homer, meet Dave,Jr.- Huh?How's your research, son?I think we're near a breakthrough.- Good work.- Thanks, Dad.Oh, how I envy you.That back and forther you witnesseddidn't happen overnight.It took years of effort.- I've never been afraid of hard work.- That's the spirit.Step one-- find an activity to share.Does the boy have any interests?- What boy?- Your son.Find something he likesand share in it.Well, he is buildinga soap box derby racer!Oh, that would be perfect.Dear God! Not again!Bart, I'm gonna help youbuild that racer.Thanks, but I'm almost done.- Get back on the couch and watch TV.- Okay.No! I'm gonna do it.Sorry, Dad, but three-time soap boxderby champion Ronnie Beck...never needed his dad's help.But you can use me.I'm good.I built a lot of thingsaround the house-- the spice rack...the bird feeder...the Gymboree.What was that? Ah, who cares?Son, please let me help you.Come on, Dad.It would be weird.This isn't working at all.It's hopeless.Wait a second.Hmm.''Cosby's first lawof intergenerational perversity.''No matter what you tellyour child to do...he will alwaysdo the opposite.'' Huh?Don't you get it?You gotta use reverse psychology.That sounds too complicated.- Okay, don't use reverse psychology.- All right, I will.Son, I don't thinkyou should let me help you.If you really want to help,clean these paint brushes.Thank you, Bill Cosby.You've saved the Simpsons.You know, Marge,that Bart is a little miracle--his winning smile, his button nose,his fat little stomach...his face alightwith wholesome mischief.He reminds me of me before the weightof the world crushed my spirit.Hmm, yeah.- I like our chances, son.- Ugh!Your father's not supposedto help build your racer...- but you should at leastconsult him about it.- D'oh!You're in heat four.Whoa. Where's your helmet?Helmets are for wusses.I can't let you gowithout a helmet.He's my son, and if he doesn'twanna wear one, you can't make him.Okay, fine. I wanna get outof here sometime today.Attention, everyone.To those questioning the valueof the space program...behold!Ay, caramba!Hey...you can't smoke in the pit area.Fine.Hey, Simpson...where's your losermobile?Losermobile. Wait a minute.Uh, it's over there, Nelson.Whoa, talk aboutyour pieces of crap.I don't care who wins,as long as one of us beats that guy.- Same here.- Careful, boys.It took me monthsto steal that bumper.Help! Help!- What was that?- You didn't hear nothing!- You nervous, son?- Don't worry, Dad.As three-time soap box derbychampion Ronnie Beck says...''Gravity is my copilot.''Hey, boss.Just in case you need it.Ahh, thanks, guys.Now get out of here!Oh, I didn't realizethis hill was so high.Could I have another--Deploy, damn you! Deploy!It hurts! It hurts!Owee! Owee! Owee! Ow!Mm-hmm.Young man, this stress fracture...will require you to bein a cast for six weeks.That means I can't possibly race.You're lucky to be alive.Save your palliative clichesfor the next poor sap, Doctor.Is it okay to visit?Of course.Hey, man, cool crash.- Way to cheat death.- Thanks, Bart.You had the best stick there.I wish I could build 'em like you.That racer transformed meinto the twisted creature...you see before you.I'll never race again.If you don't race,Nelson will win.Even if I wanted to,I'm in no shape to do it.Unless--Bart, will you drive my car?I don't know if I should.My dad and I builtour car together.If I drove someone else's,it'd kill him.On the other hand, I'll do it.We've got a lot of workto do on the car.I'm pulling you out of schoolfor two weeks--I don't know how to say this,but I don't wanna drive your car.It's slow, it's ugly,it handles like a shopping cart.The car has a few bugs,but we're Team Simpson.Dad, I love you,but you taught me to win.- When did I teach you that?- I picked it up somewhere.If I drive Martin's car,I can win.- I'm sorry, but--- No, go ahead, leave me.- Dad--- Go on and win.Go on and win without your dad.I'll just sit here in Li'l Lightnin'which the Simpsons built...and remember that forone brief shining moment...I had a son.Ow.Ohh!Dad. Can you take meto Dr. Hibbert's?Why? What's wrong?I scheduled a tetanus booster.Maybe I'm being a little analbut barefoot season's coming up...and there's a worldof rusty nails out there.Sure, I'll take you, wait with you,worry about you...then you'll ride home with someonewho has a faster car.This is how you get your kicks,isn't it, Lisa?D'oh!Martin, your bone is healing nicely.Tell me something I don't know.Dr. Hibbert, Lisa needs a--You! Home wrecker!Mr. Simpson, you haveevery right to be angry.But rest assured,your son loves you.You certainly gave that boythe heebie-jeebies.- Dad, aren't you coming?- No.- Now, don't pout.- I'm not pouting. You are.You gotta come. I just gotyour hat out of the fridge.- Sorry.- Don't you have somethingto say to Bart?[ Homer]No. Can't think of a thing.I've always saidyou were a good father.I've always defended youwhen people put you down.- That's for sure.- She ain't lying.But I guess I was wrong.You are a bad father.Leave me alone.Good morning, everybody...and welcome to an eventthat harkens back...to the carefree daysof the Great Depression--the soap box derby.In just minutes thesejunior Al Unser,Jrs...will lock horns.Huh? ''Name your son's hobbies.''Building a soap box racer.''Name one of your child's friends.''Martin. Martin!I'll curse that nametill the day I die!Huh?''Who is your son's hero?''Three-time soap box derbychampion, Ronnie Beck.Wow. I'm one question awayfrom being a perfect father.''Name another dadyou talk to about parenting.''- Ohh!- Hey-hey-ho, Simpson.Shut up, Flanders.Flanders!Flanders! Flanders. Uh-- Uh--When should a boy start dating?- There are two schoolsof thought on the subject--- Great! Thanks!I talked to Flandersabout parenting!I'm a perfect father!Hold on, son.I'm a-comin'.My friend and I have a bet.Are you Mary Tyler Moore?Ooh! Wow! It really is you.If she breaks up on you,steer away from the grandstands...or you might kill hundredsof innocent spectators.- What did I just tell you?- Kill spectators.What is the matter with you?It's my dad--lying there on the couch...drinking a beer,staring at the TV.I've never seen him like that.Forget about your father!You're driving for me now.Do it for your old man, boy.Simpson, prepare to die.Let's rock.Ladies and gentlemen...to drop the green flag--our beloved mayor...Diamond Joe Quimby.To everyone participating today,I salute your vigor.Check out the rack on the blondin the fourth row.Go! Go! Go! Go!Ha! Ha!Like the elegantRoman in Judah Ben-Hur...these modern charioteersbattle ferociously.No quarter given;none asked.The world has not seenthe likes of this...since the French carriedLucky Lindy off on their shoulders...from Le Bourget Field.And now, to present the trophy...three-time soap box derby champion,Ronnie Beck.Congratulations, Bart.Seeing you out therebrought back a lot of memories.Thanks, Mr. Beck.I was alone out there...but someone was ridingwith me in spirit.This is for you, Dad.No, son, you earned it.I might remind you bothI did design that racer.The driver is essentially ballast.The better man won, Simpson.You can really drive.Thanks, Nelson.Put her there.# Ha-ha, ha-ha-ha #Loser!# Na-na, na-na-na #You know, there is such a thingas being a bad winner.Mom, I never won before.I may never win again.# Na-na, na-na-na #That's my boy.# Na-na, na-na-na ## Na-na, na-na-na #Shh!