Hello, everyone.Before last year'sHalloween show...I warned you not to letyour children watch...but you did anyway.Well, this year's episodeis even worse.It's scarier, more violent...and I think they snuck insome bad language too.So please, tuck inyour children and--Well, if you didn't listento me last time...you're not going to now.Enjoy the show.


...to conclude this Halloweennewscast on a scary note:remember,the presidential primaries...are only a few months away.Hey, if you don't like it,go to Russia.Trick or treat, man.Aren't you a little oldfor this?You're not evenwearing costumes.Hand over the candy, old dude,or we egg your house.Here you go, kids.Heh-heh... heh.Lousy punks.- D'oh!We're home.Aah... whoo!


Get a good haul this year?Jackpot!I'm very, very proudof you kids.We would have gotten moreif Lisa walked faster.I didn't select thiscostume for mobility.I wore it to salutethe noble Native Americansof the Pacific Northwest.Yaahh!Ha-ha-ha!Children, you can haveone piece of candy tonight...and save the rest for--If you eat too much,you'll have nightmares.Oh, yeah,everybody in this family...will havea bad nightmare tonight.Oh, yeah,three bad nightmares.I'd like to see that.Heh-heh-heh.Ooh.What a dump! Why wouldPrincess Grace live here?- Dad, that's Monaco.- D'oh!I can do that,but I don't want to.Ugh! What is this thing?It is a monkey's paw, datingback to Al-Al Ben Abdallah.It grants wishesto its owner.Oh, yeah? How much?I strongly advise you,do not purchase this.Behind every wishlurks grave misfortune.I was once president of Algeria.I don't want to hearyour life story. Paw me.Eww, Homer. Where did youget that ugly thing?Why, at that little shopright over... there.Oh, it was over there.You'll be sorry.Flight 7, Marrakeshto Springfield, now boarding.Just a moment.Don't shoot!Don't shoot!They're souvenirs.You must pay a fineof two American dollars.Okay.Let's wish for X-ray specsthat really work.No, Bart-- peace on Earth.- X-ray specs.- Peace on Earth.- Peace on Earth.- X-ray specs.- X-ray specs.- Peace on Earth.As the pants-wearerof this house...I get the first wish.Homer, there's somethingI don't like...about that severed hand.Marge, don't flake out on me.That monkey's paw is goingto make our dreams come true.- Oh, no! Maggie made a wish.Oh, my land!Ooh.! A luxury car.- Good baby. Good Maggie.Ohh, a new pacifier.D'oh!No more fooling around.Paw, this is Bart.I wish for Simpsonsto be rich and famous.Now you're talking.- Yay!- Yay!Wahoo!Look, everybody.My purse exploded!Come on, everybody.We're going to the fanciestrestaurant in town.I'm terrible sorry.I have absolutely nothinguntilJune.Ah, the Simpsons!Right this way, please.Homer, maybe fame and fortunearen't as bad as they say.If I hear one more thingabout the Simpsons...I swear I'll scream.At first they were cute,but now they're annoying.1 8 bucks for this?What a rip-off.Man, this thing'sreally getting out of hand.Is there anything they won't do?Oh, Homer, this is awful.The guy thatsold me this thing...did say the wisheswould bring grave misfortune.I thought he was being colorful.I wish for world peace.Lisa, that wasvery selfish of you!Sorry about the Falklands.Oh, forget it.We knew they were yours.Well, won't be needingthese anymore.# Come on, people now,smile on your brother ## Everybody get together ## Try to love one anotherright now ##Foolish humans.Oh, yes, Kodos.Earth is now ripefor the plucking.People of Earth, we come to you inthe spirit of hostility and menace.Now, we can resolve ourdifferences peacefully.Uh... ow!Your superior intellect isno match for our puny weapons.Gordon, do something.What do you want me to do?I'm a baker now.Conquered with a club.Wish we'd saved an A-bomb.Move along humans.This is all the Simpsons' fault.Before I was justbored with them...now I wish they were dead.Geez, now we're slaves.This paw sucks.Okay, I'll make a wishthat can't backfire.I wish for a turkey sandwich,on rye bread...with lettuce and mustard...and... and I don't wantany zombie turkeys.I don't want to turninto a turkey myself...and I don't want any otherweird surprises, you got it?Hey!Hmm... mmm!Mmm... not bad.Nice hot mustard,good bread...turkey's a little dry--The turkey's a little dry?!Oh, foul the cursed thing!What demon from the depthsof hell created thee?Hey, is that one ofthose monkey paw dealies...that lets you wish for things?Yeah, but I got to warnyou that this thing is--Yeah, that's what it is.You want to try it?Okely-dokely.Ooh, would you look at that.Aahh!Kneel before my slingshot,puny earthling!Well, I guess my first wish...is to get ridof those awful aliens.Aahh! He's got a boardwith a nail in it!Enslave humanity, will ya?!Run, Kodos!Ha-ha-ha!Well, Kang, it seemsthe earthlings won.Did they?That board with the nail in itmay have defeated us...but the humans won't stop there.They'll make bigger boardsand bigger nails.Soon they will makea board with a nail so big...it will destroy them all!Hey, Homer...this thingumajig works great.Now that I've saved the Earth...maybe I ought to spruce upthe old homestead.I wish I had a monkey's paw.Bart?Bart?Huh? What's the matter?I had a bad dream.Could I sleep in your bed?No.I'll give you a candy necklace.Climb aboard.- Thanks, Bart.- Less talk, more sleep.[ Rod Serling Impressionist ]Presented for your consideration::Springfield--an average little town...with a not-so-average monster.Happy thoughts.Happy, happy, happy.The people of Springfieldhave to make sure...they think happy thoughtsand say happy things...because this particular monstercan read minds.And if displeased, can turn peopleinto grotesque walking terrors.Happy thoughts.Happy thoughts.Boy, I'm gettingmighty sick of this.Huh?Ruff, ruff, ruff.Bow-wow.And did I mentionthat the monster...is a ten-year-old boy?Quite a twist, huh?Betcha didn't see that one coming.Good morning.- Morning.- Good morning, dear.Hiya, Bart. How's my boy?[ Nervous Laughing ]Every day, same old cat.I'll make him more interesting.Much better. Oh, good,the curtains are on fire.It's good that you madethat awful thing, Bart.It's real good.- Hadn't you betterget ready for school?- Okay.He gets it from your sideof the family, you know.No monsters on my side.- Hi, guys.- Aahh!Hi, Otto. Move over.I'm driving.No can do, little buddy.See, there's a rule--Oh, wait. You're the little dudewith the gnarly powers.Quit riding the brake.Give it some gas, man.Hey, this is fun, isn't it?We're going to die, aren't we?- Hiya, Bart!- Hiya, Bart![ Teacher ]Well, class...the history of our countryhas been changed again...to correspondwith Bart's test answers.America was now discoveredin 1 942 by...''some guy.''And our country isn't calledAmerica anymore. It's Bonerland.Your attention, please.This is Principal Skinner.Bart, this one's for you.Phone.Happy thoughts. Happy thoughts.Moe's Tavern.Hold on. I'll check.Uh, hey, everybody.I'm a stupid moron withan ugly face and a big butt...and my butt smellsand I like to kiss my own butt.- That's a new one!- Wait a minute.One more time.Double-time now.I love school.Come on, come on.Make it, make it.Please, please, please.- I want to watch Krusty.- Shut up, boy.If they make this field goal,I win 50 bucks.The kick is up.It's looking good.The ball is turning intoa fat, bald guy.Aahh! Oof!.It's no good,and you know what we say...Every timesomething strange happens--it's good that Bart did that.It's very good.346 consecutive hours...and all becauseof one little boy who--who won't let me stop!Anyway, now let's go overand see if Sideshow Mel...has any more of those legal...over-the-counterwake-up drugs of his.Slowly, slowly.Don't make a sound.Don't even think.He can hear your thoughts.Then, when he's leastexpecting it, bash his head in.End of monster.Aaaaaaaaaahhh!Bart!- Lisa did it.- That's it, young man.You're coming with me.Please?You like attention,don't you, Bart?- Do I ever.- But you don't care...whether you getgood attention for, say...getting high marks in school,or bad attention for, say...turning your fatherintojack-in-the-box.Homer, I see you agreewith my theory.I'm not nodding.It's the air conditioning.That's too bad.The attention the boy cravesshould be coming from you.Spend some quality timewith him.Get to know him.Maybe even love him.- [ Cheering ]D'oh! Whoa-oh-oh.Eeyii!- Good night, son.- Good night, Dad.You know, these last few dayshave been really swell.I wish I could repay you.Well, if you wanted to,you could give me my body back.You got it.Oh! Hey, hey.Oh, oh. Thanks, boy.- I love you, Dad.- I love you, son.Aaaaaaaaahhh!Mom! Dad!My goodness!What's wrong?- We both had nightmares.- Can we sleep with you?You both toilet trained?- Yes!- Okay, then.4:00?Couple hours I haveto get up and go to work.Got to go to work.Go to work--[ Burns ]Ooh, look at them, Smithers--goldbrickers,layabouts, slugabeds.Little do they realize...their days of sucklingat my teat are numbered.Oh, in the meantime, sir,may I suggest a random firing...-just to throwthe fear of God into them?- Very well.Eeny, meeny, miny--Blugh! Him!Attention, Homer Simpson.Attention, Homer Simpson.Wake up, Homer.- What? Huh? What?- You're fired.- For what?- For sleeping on the job.How did you knowI was sleeping?We've been watching youon the surveillance camera.Camera?D'oh!Smithers...to the laboratory.You know, Smithers...I've always despised the lazinessof the common worker.Then I realized his spirit waswilling, but the flesh was weak.I replaced the flesh,which is weak, with steel...which is strong. Behold!The greatest breakthroughin labor relations...since the cat-o'-nine-tails!- How long till it's running?- Keep your pants on, Smithers.First we need a human brain.Hey, here's a goodjob, Dad.You have to know how to operatean ultrasonic lithontriptor.- How hard can it be?- Hey, Dad, here's one.$28 an hour,plenty of fresh air...and you get to meetlots of interesting people.Ooh, what job is that?Grave digger.Deeper, wider, faster.I wouldn't bury my turtlein that mud puddle.What's the use?Sheesh! What a slave driver.What corpseshould we unearth, sir?I don't know.I feel like a kidin a candy store.Hello!An open grave.Smithers,get him out quickly.The stench is overpowering.Wait a minute, sir.That's Homer Simpson.He wasn't exactlya model employee.Well, who is a model...employee?Simpson will do just fine, sir.Did you hear that, sir?No, I didn't. Who is it,Frankenstein? The Boogerman?The man in the bag.I think he's alive.Oh.- Bad corpse.Stop scaring Smithers.Satisfied?Thank you, sir.Excellent.Smithers, hand methat ice cream scoop.- Ice cream scoop?- Damn it, Smithers!This isn't rocket science,it's brain surgery!All right.Hello.Look at me--I'm Davy Crockett!Look, Smithers, a twitch.It's moving! It's alive!Oh, that fellow at Radio Shacksaid I was mad.Well, who's mad now?Hi, there.I'm your daddy.[ Homer's Voice ]Mmm!Mmm! Sprin-kles.Geraldo Rivera...Madonna, and a diseased yak.[ Lisa ]Mom, what's wrong?It's your father-- he's missing.Dad's missing?Get out of here.He's been gone for two days.What do you know?She's right.It wasn't supposedto be this way.It was supposed to bea thing of beauty...not this abomination.Oh, Smithers,I was wrong to play God.Life is precious,not a thing to be toyed with.Take out that brainand flush it down the toilet.His family might appreciate it...if you returned the brainto his body.Come on. It's 1 1 :45!Oh, Smithers, when you look atme with those puppy-dog eyes--All right.Ow. Ow.- Ow. Ow.- Quit your complaining.Do you know whatthis means? He is alive.Ooh, you're right, Smithers.I guess I owe you a Coke.And as for you, you clinking,clattering cacophony...of collagenous cogsand camshafts, take... that.!Aahh!- Run, sir.Every bone... shattered...organs... leaking vital fluids...a slight headache,loss of appetite.Smithers, I'm going to die.- Is there nothing I can do?- Well, perhaps.Smithers, go to my office.In the third drawerof my desk are...surgical toolsand some ether.Aaaaaaaaaaaahhh!Did you have a nightmare?- No. Bart bit me.- You were crushing me.I tried to scream, butmy mouth was full of flab.Got to shake the dewoff the lily.- Aahh!- Perhaps you're wonderingwhy you have two heads.My body was crushed, soI had head grafted onto your...shall we say, ample frame.I can wake up.It's all a dream. It's just a dream.Oh, that's right.It's all a dream...or is it?Next week on The Simpsons:Don't forget, Dad.Tonight my class is having...an all-you-can-eatspaghetti dinner.Mmm. Spaghetti.But, Homer,tonight's our reception...for Queen Beatrixof the Netherlands.Oh, I hate having two heads.