##Ahh, The Simpsons ##D'oh!Homer, you silly goose.The weed-whacker'sjust for the edges.You'll be out hereall day.I'm almost done.You are a pictureand a half.If you're finished by tomorrow,come on over...and we'll put the heatto the meat.Nummy-nummy-num!I'll be there!


...Notty-notty-not.''The Flanders are havinga beef-a-thon!Incredible Nedibles!Maudacious vittles!''I think it meanshe's having a barbecue.Why doesn't hejust say so?!He's trying to be friendly.If you gave Ned Flandersa chance--I don't care if he isthe nicest guy in the world.He's a jerk.End of story.We can't hold it against him...just because he has thingsbetter than we do.Excuse me? Better?Thanks a lot, Marge.


You put me in my place.Oh, Homer...It's worth feelingthree inches tall...to find out what kindof person you are...Marge Simpson, president ofthe ''We Love Flanders'' fan club.Fee, fi,fo, fum!I smellthe potatoes au gratin...of Marge Simpson.Mm-mm-mm-mmm!Hi, Ned.Um... Homer sendshis apologies...but, um...there was some important workat the plant...that only hecould take care of.We now return to the CanadianFootball League draft.And so, the Rough Riders...who scored only four rougesall last season,Jack...Stupid Flanders.Go ahead, Marge.Have a ball.What if they came back...and I was dead from not eating?They'd cry their eyes out.''We should have never goneto the Flanders'.''Why did we goto the Flanders'and leave Homer alonewith no food?''And I'd be laughing--Laughing from my grave.Heh, heh, heh.What is it, boy?What?Mmm.Barbecue.Ahh.Mmm.Hey, I'm back.Nice seeing you.Hey!Oh!Hey, hey, Homer!Ahmmffluhff... Inside.Okay. Thanksfor coming.You're it.Electricity.Nuh-uh!No electricity.Onlyin freeze tag.Okay. Now you're it!Hey! No tag-backs!Yeah, you cheater.You lie like a fly...with a boogerin its eye.The fly was funny.The boogerwas the icing on the cake.Friends, we love you all...but I also havea sinister motive...for asking you all here...''sinister'' being Latinfor left-handed.But enough joking.That was a joke?Friday, I'm saying toodle-loo...to the pharmaceutical game.- What's he talking about?- Leaving?No, I kid you not.Here's the noose I had to wearfor ten years.What are you goingto do?Like one out ofevery nine Americans...I'm left-handed,and let me tell you...it ain't allpeaches and cream.Your writinggets smeared.Lord help you if you drivea standard transmission.I'm opening upa one-stop store for southpaws.Everything fromleft-handed apple peelers...to left-handed scissors.Going to call it''The Leftorium.''So, Homer,I'm dying to know...what do you thinkofThe Leftorium?It sounds likea pretty dumb idea to me.I know it's a little risky...and it's going to bea lot of hard work...but it's going to bea lot of fun too.Fun? Where is this store,Flanders?The merry old land of Oz?Oh, no. The Springfield Mall.Here, you two,make a wish.Nah!- It's fun.- No, it isn't.You must have somethingyou want to wish for.Hmm, let's see...Nah.Hmm...Hey!I've got an ambitionto do some wishin'.Keep your pants on,Flanders!I'm wishing as fast as I can!Ooh!Heh, heh, heh, heh.Eh... too far.Hmm...Okay, ready.Yes! Oh, yes!Read it and weep!In your face!I've gotmore chicken bone!What did you wish for?No! Don't say.Otherwise,it won't come true.Ooh, that would be a shame.Wouldn't it,Flanders?Mmm.# Dum-da-dah... #D'oh!Bart...how many hours a daydo you watch TV?Six. Seven if there'ssomething good on.Don't you think...you should geta little fresh air?Yeah, but what areyou going to do?TV gives so muchand asks so little.It's a boy'sbest friend.That's the problem.Even as we speak...millions of childrenare staring at the TV...instead of gettingsome much-needed exercise.Those children's parents...should be ashamedof themselves.Hello, I am Akira. Huahh!!That didn't hurt very much...because I knowthe ancient art of karate.Karate focuses the mindand gives one self-confidence.People from all walks of life:- doctors...-Hi-yaah!!- homemakers...- Hu-yaah!!- landscape architects...- Huhh-yah!!- choreographers...- Haww.High karate at low, low prices.I cannot tell a lie.This is a great deal. Hohh!Hey, Mom, how about...if I learn karate?Will that make you happy?That sounds fine.See, you knock TV,and then it helps you out.I think you owe somebodya little apology.Well, if it isn't The Leftorium.Hey, Flanders,how's business?Oh, a little pokey...but things are goingto pick up.Oh! I am so sorry.How much do I owe you?Now that was an accident.Really?Well, thanks.Could you validate my parking?Absitively posolutely.So, Flanders,have you sold anything?Not yet, but oneof the mall security guards...took a long look...at a left-handedice cream scoop.Greetings, I am Akira...your guide on the pathto true karate.And this is our map,The Art of War by Sun Tzu.It will teach usour most important lesson.We learn karate,so we need never use it.Um... I already knowhow not to hit a guy.Can we break outthe nunchukus?Yes, the impetuousnessof youth.For now, let us read.When do we break blocks of icewith our heads?First you must fill your headwith wisdom.Yo, Sensei, can I goto the bathroom?You canif you believe you can.Pay money to read books.The hell with this.Come on.Touch of Death! Touch of Death!Hah, hah, hah!I'm telling you.Flanders' storewas dee-serted.What do you thinkof your bestest buddy now?Dad, do you knowwhat ''schadenfreude'' is?No, I do not knowwhat ''schadenfreude'' is.Please tell mebecause I'm dying to know.It's German for ''shameful joy--''taking pleasurein others' suffering.I'm just glad to see himfall flat on his butt.He's usually all happyand comfortable...and surrounded by loved ones,and it makes me feel--What's the opposite of that''shameful joy'' thing of yours?Sour grapes.Those Germans have...a word for everything.What did you learnin karate school?Yeah, this better be worthmy ten bucks.Uh... I learnedthe Touch of Death.Ooh, the Touch of Death.Permit meto demonstrate.Lisa, shut your eyes.Soon you will be at peace.Hey, quit it, Bart. Quit it.Quit it! Quit it!Quit it! Mom!!Don't use the Touchof Death on your sister.Uh-oh! Got to get backto karate class.Missed a spot.Dopey kid.Coming through.Step aside, lady.Mmm, baby.How was class?We learned how to ripa man's heart out...and show it to himbefore he dies.That will learn them.What did you swipe?An ''I Love Lefty'' glass.Left-handedpinking shears.Pinking shears?Let's go to the food courtand steal...some baked potatoes.Hey, Flanders,when are your busy hours?I expect thingsto pick up soon.I think word of mouthis starting to spread.I hear you...validate parking ticketswithout purchase.Oh, right as rain.Or as we say around here,''left as rain.''Just stamp it.Okay.Hey, Homer, how'syour neighbor's store doing?Lousy.He just sits there all day.He'd have a great jobif he didn't own the place.Crummy right-handedcorkscrews.What does he sell?Uh... well, actually, Moe, uh...I don't know.Lise, change the channel.You change it.Ooowaaah...Okay, okay.I grow wearyof this new channel.Change it back.But, Bart...Eeeyaahhh...Apple... apple... apple...Come on, candy bar.Hey, you're that first appleI didn't want.That sinks it.I'm really goingto let them have it this time.Simpson, put that boxon Mr. Burns' desk.Chop-chop!Oh, look, Smithers.Another memberof our nuclear family...with some helpfulsuggestions.And what's your name?Homer Simpson, sir.Simpson, eh?Mm-hmm. I'm Monty Burns.''Keep that handsome ownerout of sight.He's distractingthe female employees.''Smithers?Got me, sir.Oh, it's a real one.''No more applesin the vending machine, please.''Well, that's almost a sentence.Can I leave?Of course,and don't worry.There will be plentyof apples for you.Nobody will take awayyour precious apples.The note was asking you to--No, tell my secretary I saidyou could have a free apple.She'll make everythingall right. I promise.Damned infernal gizmo.My kingdom fora left-handed can opener!Uh, Mr. Burns...Come on, Homer.Tell him about the store.I'm dying out here.Sorry, Flanders.Huh?Are you sure...you're not interested?$200 is onlythe asking price.Sorry, Ned.Hey, I'm flexible.You don't have to payall at once.I'll be here all nightif you change your mind.Hey, Flanders,is everything okay?Oh, yeah, sure.See anything you like?Oh, it's not good enoughfor you...but it's good enough for me?I wouldn't be caught deadbuying this... Hello.Got your eye onthe gas grill, huh?She's a butane beaut.I'll give you 20.Homer, I paid $300for this just last year.$20. Take it or leave it.Oh, Homer, be reasonable.Sorry, no cash for Neddy.Homer keep all money.Bye-bye, Neddy.All right, Homer.$20?$20.I don't want it.What?!It was...a passing fancy.Although, if you threw ina few lawn chairs...maybe that tool bench,it might rekindle my interest.Hey, Bartely-boobely.Care for a steakarooni?Sounds scrum-diddley-umptious,dear old duddely-doodely.[ Homer]Duddely-doodely.This is the Flanders'living room set.What did youpay for this?Only 7 5 beans.$7 5?Ned must be desperate.I'm sure you did nothingto discourage this...you scavenger of human misery.Hey! Keep your hands offmy china hutch.I'm Chuck Ellis...from the SpringfieldCollection Agency...and I'm here to ask youwhy you don't think...you need to pay your bills?Oh, I know I need to pay them,but there's just so many.Do you feel good owing money?We've been very patientwith you, Mr. Flanders.I know, but-- Wait a minute.I'm Homer Simpson.Ned Flanders livesover there.Oh.Flanders is in debt?Are you sure?We don't make mistakes.Damned right-handed ledgers.I can't writein these things.There's a store...You're Homer Simpson?See you Thursday.D'oh!Knock 'em dead, boy.Kid's going to bea black belt in no time.Ohhh...Check outthe saxophone.Pretty boss...but something'sstuck on it.Hey!Hey, look at me.I'm Elvis, man!Give that back!That to me!If you want it,take it.Okay. We're sorry.This time, we're reallygoing to give it to you.Hey, stop that!Hey, Lise, something wrong?Not anymore!You punks areabout to get...a tasteof your own medicine.This is my brother,and he knows karate.Uh-oh.Oh, we'rereal scared.Please don'thurt us, Bart.What are you going to do?Throw your diapers at us?Just keep laughing.It only makes himmadder.Start them offwith the Touch of Death...and go from there.I think they've learnedtheir lesson, Lise.We want to seethe Touch of Death.Come on, Karate Kid.Waste me.It's funny how two wrongssometimes make a right.Homer...over here.Flanders, I wantto give you your stuff back.Well, there's no houseto put it in, Homer.Not since that nice fellowfrom the bank--who was only doing his job--came and locked it up.You're living in your car?Oh, no. It's justa camp-out tonight...then off to my sister'sapartment in Capital City.What do you think, kids?The big city.Todd, I want to talkto your Uncle Homer.You're head of the cartill I get back.Okay, Dad.Listen to that singing.Those poor fools.Homer, I'm ruined.I know.At times like these...I used to turn to the Bibleand find solace...but even the Good Book...can't help me now.Why not?I sold it to youfor seven cents.You know, ever sincethat barbecue...nothing's gone right.It's like there's been...a curse on me.It's all my fault.No, it's not.Yes, it is.You tried to warn me...about gamblingmy family's future...on some pig in a poke.I didn't listen.Homer, you werea true friend.No, I was a swine.Listen, Flanders.Do you still havethat store?For two more days.Then it becomesLibertarian Party headquarters.I hope they have better luck.You open that store tomorrow.Homer, there's no point.I said do it!Hello,Jerry? Homer Simpson.Remember last monthwhen I paid back that loan?Well, now I need youto do a favor for me.A left-handed corkscrew?Oh, baby.''Kiss me-- I'm left-handed?''That's a classic.Whoa!It's Homer Simpson.Tell him I went out.He needs youto help Ned Flanders.Ned is in trouble?!Smithers, I'm licked.You open this can.Okay, but you softenedit up for me.Hold it, Smithers.I'll open the can.But, sir, how?To the mall!I'll explain on the way.Hurry, Neddy, hurry.Oh, golly, it's a miracle.Come on, lefties.What did I tell you?Homer?It's all here,and it's all backwards.That's right.The worm has turned, has it not,my tin-plated friend?Look at you--You who were once so proud.Feel the wrathof the left hand of Burns.My life today.Wow! What an icebreaker.Left-handed ledgers.Now, I can writeall the way to the edge.Aha! Left-handed nunchukas.Wow!The boysat the Diners Club...will think I'vegone quite mad.Oh, I'll havethat roadster as well.Yes, sir.Huzzah for the shopkeep.Huzzah!Homer, affordable tract housingmade us neighbors...but you made us friends.To Ned Flanders...the richest left-handed manin town.Everybody!- Shh!