I think the boy's hurt.Just give him a nickeland let's get going!I think we should callan ambulance, sir.Hey, cool. I'm dead!Please hold on to the handrail.Do not spit over the side.Aunt Hortense. Great-grandpa Simpson.Snowball!Do not spit over the side.We told you to hold onto the handrail.We asked you not to spitover the side.


Howdy, stranger!I'm Bart Simpson.Who the hell are you?Please allow me to introduce myself.I'm the devil!You've earned eternal damnationfor your evil deeds.-Spitting just clinched it.-Hey, I'm innocent, man!Innocent! Everybody's innocent.Okay, let's justpull up your file here.It's a mistake. You're due to arrivewhen the Yankees win the pennant.Nearly a century from now.Boy, is my face red!Bart!Is there anything I can doto avoid coming back here?Sure, but you wouldn't like it.-Okay. See you later.-Bye!Remember, lie, cheat, stealand listen to heavy metal music!


Yes, sir!Dr. Warner, wanted in radiology.-He's awake!-Oh, Bart!We thought you'd gone away from us.I did go away, Mom!I was miles away, writhing in agonyin the pits of hell!And you were there!And you. And you. And you.You I've never seen before.Yeah, I saw youchasing Bart's ambulance.Lionel Hutz is the name.Attorney at law. My card.-It turns into a sponge in water.-Classy.Would you like to bring legal actionagainst the fiend who did this?The fiend who did thisto my boy is my boss.Besides, the doctor says it's justa bump on the head and a broken toe.Doctors are idiots!He might have permanent injuries.You may have to wait on him......for the rest of his life!That's the downside.Here's the good part.You can cash in on this tragedy!-Excuse me, are you a shyster?-How does a nice girl know that word?Mr. Hutz, this is hardlythe time to discuss this.You're right. When you're up to it,come to my office and we'll talk.Lionel Hutz, attorney at law.Is that a broken neck? Great!-Hello, Dr. Hibbert.-Hello, Lisa.-We've got a nasty bump on our head.-Quit it!-And a tiny broken toe.-Quit it!Is he well enough for meto start mothering him?Better let him rest a while.-I heard Mr. Burns crushed your boy.-Yeah.If I wasn't so spineless, I'd marchinto Mr. Burns' office now and--Simpson! Burns wants youto march into his office now!Simpson, at last we meet.Nice to meet you too, sir.My attorneys advised me to payfor running over your child.-So I'm cutting you a check.-Really? Great.$100. Of course,you'll have to sign a waiver......relinquishing your right to sue.100 bucks? It's a generous offer, sir,but his medical bills alone--So extortion is the name of your game?Then you get nothing! I havethe finest lawyers in Springfield.Tangle with me, and I'll crush youlike a paper cup.Throw him out, Smithers!You don't have to do that.I can throw myself out.Lionel Hutz.In here, Mr. Simpson.-Any calls, Della?-Calls? Oh, "calls" !The Supreme Court called. Theyneed your help on a freedom thing.Tell them to sit tight. I'll get backto them. This way, Mr. Simpson.You sure have got some education.Yes, Harvard, Yale, MIT, Oxford,the Sorbonne, the Louvre.Oh, well.Mr. Simpson,the state bar forbids me......from promising youa big cash settlement.But just between you and me,I promise you......a big cash settlement.My fee is 50 percent.-50 percent?-You'll be getting more than a lawyer!You'll also getthis faux pearl necklace......a $99 value, as our gift.I don't know. You and Imight have different ideas......about how biga big cash settlement is.A million dollars?I stand corrected!A million bucks is A-Okay!Now we'll get a real doctor's opinion.Bad news!Your son is a very sick boy.Just look at the X-rays!You see that dark spot there?Whiplash.Oh, no!And this smudge thatlooks like my fingerprint?No. That's trauma!-Am I going to die?-Yes, son!Homer!No, of course you won't.Everything's fine.-Will I ever play baseball again?-No!-But I played this morning.-That's right, he did.Dr. Hibbert has been our physicianfor years. He thought Bart was fine.Oh, Dr. Hibbert,from Johns Hopkins Medical School.Mrs. Simpson, you're not a doctor.He's not, I'm not.The only person herewho comes close is him.Stop, you're embarrassing me!Are you sure there isn'tsoft tissue trauma in the face?Oh, yeah. Tons of it.Just say when.A million dollars? Smithers!I want this Homer Simpson fired!Do you think that's wise?Think of the headlines.What about them?They might be critical of you firinghim so soon after the accident.All right then.I don't want to seem like an ogre.I'll bide my time.Let him twist in the wind.Slowly, slowly.When the papers have foundtheir new flavor of the month......he'll find out this cat has claws!Good thinking.Now, let's pretendyou're on the witness stand.-How are you, Bart?-Fine.Bart says he's fine.You are not fine!You are in constant pain!I am in constant pain.-May I make an observation?-What is it?This is a charade to make himlook more injured than he is.Maybe Lisa has a point.I don't mind it here, but in court,doesn't he have to tell the truth?But what is truth, if you follow me?Bart, can you roll your eyesback in your head like this?You mean like I'm dead? Sure.The kid's a pro.Springfield Municipal Court is nowin session. Judge Moulton presiding.My client's instructed meto remind you how rich he is......and that he's not like other men.I should be able to run overas many kids as I want!I warn you, if you continueto disrupt the court......I'll cite you for contempt.-You wouldn't dare!-Well, no, I guess I wouldn't.Calling Bartholomew J. Simpsonto the stand.Oh, please!Hello, Bart. You know the differencebetween telling the truth......and telling a lie, don't you?Maybe.Well, you wouldn't lie tothe United States, would you, Bart?-No.-Good.-Proceed, Mr. Hutz.-Thank you.Tell the jury, in your own words......what happened on the dayof the accident.Yes, sir. It was a beautifulSunday afternoon.I played in my childlike way, notrealizing I was about to be struck......by the luxury car of death!Defenseless child at 3:00!Luckily, I was not killed.Although sometimes I wish I had been.He's lying!Now, that's believable testimony.Mr. Burns, relate in your own words......what really happenedon the day of the accident.Certainly. It was a beautiful day.The sun was shining. I was drivingto the orphanage to pass out toys.Suddenly, that incorrigibleSimpson boy darted in front of me.My goodness! Look what's happened!-It's not important. Let's drive on.-You cold-blooded monster!Regardless of what you think,we must summon help......and comfort himuntil an ambulance arrives.No!Take me, I'm old!And that's what happened.Why are you looking at me like that?You believed his story!It's looking good, Mr. Simpson.It's looking very good.They hate me?What trial were you watching?-Maybe a settlement---Settlement! Fine!Hang your heads in shame......you overpriced,under-brained notary publics!Just get that ape to my houseand we'll buy him off with a banana!And that ugly customer wasthe last Indonesian rhino on earth.I didn't know you liked animals.I don't like everything about them.Just their heads.Care for some wine, old buddy?-Don't mind if I do.-Go, go!Bottoms up. There's plenty morewhere that came from.Are you trying to get me drunk?Yes. Now, old chum......I'm sure you agree this trial isan affront to our collective dignity.What say we settle this, man to man?You mean duke it out?No, I mean I'm prepared to offeryou a generous cash settlement.A princely sum--Well, a handsome sum that can endthis imbroglio once and for all.Five hundred thousand dollars.Goodness!Don't answer me now.Relax, talk it over.Soak in the opulence of yoursurroundings and dream of what can be.Smithers, let's go powder my nose.-What do you think?-I don't know.Maybe we should take itand put this ugliness behind us.The fish is in the pan.-What do you think?-I'll tell you.I think he thinks I'm an idiot!He's offering us thisbecause he knows he'll lose......and have to pay us a million.I feel faint.$500,000!I spit on his $500,000!What's happened to you?All this greediness and lying......and shifty lawyersand phony doctors!Phony doctors? Hello.Know what I'd settle for?The medical bills and an apology.You won't even get that.Offer's expired.We'll let the jury decide. Good day.Smithers, release the hounds.Your Honor, I'd liketo call to the stand......Mrs. Homer J. Simpson!Do you swear to tell the truth,the whole truth, so help you God?Yes, I do.-She was taking that very seriously.-Oh, the truth!Mrs. Simpson, does the nameJulius Hibbert mean anything to you?Yes, he's been our family physicianand friend......ever since I became a mother.He's seen us through everythingwith competence and loving care.But wait a minute! I'm confused.This court heard expert testimonyfrom one Dr. Nick Riviera.What's your opinion of him?My mother said, "If you can't sayanything nice, don't say anything."-Will that hold up?-No, I've tried.What is your opinion of Dr. Riviera?And let me remind you,you're under oath!To be honest......he seemed more concernedabout wrapping Bart in bandages......than making him feel better.And he mispronounced wordslike "abdomen."And his office was dirty!Now that I think about it,I'm not sure he's a doctor.And could you describe for usin your own words......Bart's "intense mental anguishand suffering"?Well, I don't knowhow intense it was......but he did missthree days of school.Although he doesn't like school......so that may not count as anguish.It was hard on me,having him around the house.Could you put a dollar amounton all these hardships?We pay Bart $5 a weekto take out the trash.I suppose if he'd been able to do it,we might've given him the $5.$5?But your lawyer, assuming he is one,is asking for a million!Well, we can't blame themfor trying, can we?Thank you, Mrs. Simpson.I'm going to write a figure down.It's not quite as largeas the last one......but I think you'll find it fair.We should take it.A million dollars.My wife cost me a million dollars.Would you likemore macaroni and cheese?A million dollars' worth,you snake-woman!-No.-String beans?No, you two-timing, backstabbing--Better answer.-No.-Celery with cream cheese?Just mouth polite nothings.It would've been coolto get that million.Bart, please.We could've bought tonsof great stuff.Maids, a pool, fancy sweaters.Stop me if I'm wrong.-Marge, may I go to Moe's for a drink?-Sure.I may never come back.Good night.My woman's intuitionis telling me something.I wonder-- Oh, my God.Well, I guess this isthe class I'll die in.You're better off.Rich people aren't happy.They think they're happybut trust me, they ain't.Moe, I wish he'd shut up.-A chick!-And it's not even ladies' night.Hey, guys. Knock it off!It's just my wife.-Well, hello.-My name's Marge.Homer, I'd like you to forgive mefor doing the right thing.We've squabbled over money before.Never this much.It's different than when I washedyour pants with the 20 in the pocket--You think this is about money?It's not. It's worse.I'm afraid that when I look at you......I won't see the wife by my sideor the mother of my children.I'll see the damewho blew my one big chance.-What are you saying?-I'm saying--She's your wife of 10 years,you've had 3 children.It's time to be honest.I'm not sure I love you anymore.Don't worry, I won't let on.I'll still do the bed stuff.-Maybe it won't be so bad.-Oh, my Lord!I don't want to wait to find outif you love me anymore.I think that you should look mein the eyes and find out.Homer, look at me!Do it if it'll shut her up.Start with the feet. Still angry.Good, Homer!This is tough, need refreshment.Trustworthy beer.My love for you will never die.All right, look the wifestraight in the eyes and tell her--Who am I kidding?I love you more than ever!-I love you too!-Sorry to scare you like that, babe.Okay, everybody!For the next 15 minutes,one-third off on every pitcher.One per customer, domestic beer only.Hey, no sharing!