-Evening, Carver of Graven Images.-Homer the Thief. How's business?Been a little slow.Not much to steal in the desert.Do not worry. We'll be wanderingout here another two weeks, tops.Zohar the Adulterer.My wife sends her regards.-Yes, she's a good woman. Very good.-Thank you, my lusty friend.-Moses is back.-Quick! Everybody, look busy.The Lord has handed down to us10 commandments by which to live.I will read themin no particular order.-"Thou shalt not make graven images."-Oh, my God!-"Thou shalt not commit adultery."-Well, looks like the party's over.Hey, Moses. Keep them coming!


"Thou shalt not steal."Sorry, Homer.That's the most dishonest thing I'veever heard! I should box your ears!-You sneaky Pete!-Easy, tiger.You, easy. Get off my property!Flanders, who put that bugup your butt?I wanted to subscribe to thearts and crafts channel.They sent this man to install it.You know what he did?He offered to hook me up illegallyto every channel for $50.Boy, what's this world coming to?-That's exactly---Gotta go.Hey, stop, cable man!Stop!-What do you want?-I want free cable!This is okay.Everybody does it, right?


What? If you're having secondthoughts, read this."So You've Decidedto Steal Cable.""Myth: Cable piracy is wrong.Fact: Cable companies are facelesscorporations which makes it okay."The clown that will lasta lifetime.Cable. It's more wonderfulthan I dared hope!Don't you hate itwhen you go to the toilet......and there's no toilet paper?It's funny because it's true!Oh, hey! Family! Family, come here.I have an announcement to make.The Simpsons have cable!Cable?!Right. 68 channels.MTV for the kids.VH1 for us. 1600 hoursof quality programming every day.We've talked about cable before.You think we can afford it?Nothing a month?Yeah, I think we can swing that.Is this legal?Don't worry.Look at this."Myth: It's only fair to pay forquality first-run movies."Fact: Most movies on cableget two stars or less..."...and are repeated ad nauseam."-I don't know.-Marge.Hear Me Roar,the network for women.We'll teach you to lower yourbill by making your own Band-Aids.Oh, that's a good idea.Before we begin, you'll need5 yards of sterilized cotton.Pro wrestling from Mexico.Down there, it's a real sport.This is where Jaws eats the boat.Here, Die Hardjumps through the window.This is where Wall Streetgets arrested.If I could call your attentionto the Subsidy Appropriations......Override Bill.I refer you to page 4500--They think people watch that.Live, from New Orleans. This is theWorld Series of Cockfighting!Son of a gun, we'll have big funon the bayou tonight.We'd get there quickerif I drove my dad's car.-Aren't you ready for church, Homer?-Huh? What? Okay.Today's Christian doesn't thinkhe needs God.He thinks he's got it made.He's got his hi-fi. His boob tube.And his instant pizza pie.Oh, pizza.Children, I don't want you to getfrightened but I must teach you this.Today's topic will be hell.I sat through mercy and forgiveness.Finally, we get to the good stuff.Hell is terrible! Maggots areyour sheet, worms your blanket.There's a lake of fire burningwith sulfur. You'll be tormented.If you actually saw hell, you'd beso frightened you would die.-Miss Albright?-Yes.-Won't you eventually get used to it?-No.-Yes.-Are there pirates in hell?-Thousands of them.-Oh, baby!So there's a downsideto the afterlife.How does one steerclear of this?By obeying the 10 Commandments.Ten simple rulesthat are easy to live by.-What did you children learn about?-Hell.I sure as hell can't tell you welearned about hell...-...unless I say "hell."-He has a point.Hell, yes!Hell, hell, hell, hell....Bart! You're no longer inSunday school. Don't swear.Hey, anybody up for a littleso-called pay-TV?-Are you sure this isn't stealing?-Read the pamphlet.Hello, I'm Troy McClure.You may remember me from Cry Yumaand Here Comes the Coast Guard!I'd like to talk about a candy thatcleans and straightens your teeth!A program-length advertisement!Wait a minute. I'm confused.Did you say "cleans and straightens"?There's no confusion.Just good science.Ladies and gentlemen,the inventor, Dr. Nick Riviera.-Thank you, Troy. Hi, everybody!-Hi, Dr. Riviera!Now, could I have a volunteer?Somebody with crooked, yellow teeth.Come on, Lisa.Watch a little cable with us.It won't cost you a thing.Except your soul!-What's gotten into Lisa?-Beats the hell out of me!-What are you doing?-What do you mean?-Remember the 8th commandment?-Of course.Thou shalt not....Covet......graven images.Something about covet.Thou shalt not steal!Anything else?Yes. I ate two grapes.Please charge me for them.Two grapes? Who cares?-Just charge me something, please.-Okay.I need a price check on two grapes.You heard me, Phil.Two measly, stinking grapes.If you didn't catch itin the theater or rent it...... we've got it!On the Blockbuster Channel!Why is the worlda cesspool of corruption?Oh, great. All right,what makes you say that?In Sunday school we learnedstealing is a sin.But everybody does it.We're stealing cable.-Did you pay for your breakfast?-No.-Did you pay for your clothes?-No, I didn't.Run for the hills, Ma Barker,before I call the feds!-I think that's pretty spurious.-Well, thank you, honey.Friday night, live.The ultimate matchup.The bout to knockthe other guy out.Watson-Tatum Two.This time it's for money!-Oh, boy!-Only on the Blockbuster Channel.How can one little insulated wirebring so much happiness?Big fight coming up.Wanna come over andlisten to it on the radio?Okay. After the fight, we canwatch the still photos on the news.Not too shabby!What do you say?We could do that, yeah.Or we could go over to my houseand watch it live on cable TV!-Get off!-You're kidding me!Pass the pumice, please.He's Homer from sector 7-G.Excellent. I'm so keen on seeingWatson vs. Tatum Two......I'd even go to an employee's house.I can picture it now.The screen door resting offits hinges.Mangy dog staggering aboutlooking vainly for a place to die.-May I speak frankly?-Yes.-You are quite wealthy.-Thank you. Your candor is refreshing.Why don't you pay forthe fight yourself?The big fight is one of those rareoccasions that I savor the sights......the sounds and the smellsof other men.You haven't lost the common touch.-So, Homer, I hear you got the fight.-That's right.-8:00, my place. Come one, come all.-All right.Moe, how come you never gotcable for the bar?Well, it was either cableor the mechanical bull.I made my choice and I stand by it.-Somebody's having a party.-Friday night. Wanna come over?No, thanks. I'm open 24 hours.It puts great demands on my time.Too bad.It'll be a great fight.The fight! I'll get my brother,Sanjay, to cover for me.He deplores violence.If a man takes bread to feed hisstarving family, that's stealing?No. It is if he puts anythingon it. Jelly, for example.I see.You're here for a reason.Is your father stealing bread?I don't watch him every minute.But we're getting cable for free.I'm afraid that is stealing.I think you must do something.-Should I have him arrested?-That seems like an ideal solution.But remember the 5th commandment:"Honor thy father and thy mother."I would like to see youset an example by not watching...-...the offending technology yourself.-Thank you.You're watching Top Hat Entertainment.Adult programming all day, every day.Except in Florida and Utah.Coming up next, Stardust Mammaries.-Ay, carumba!-Bart!-Here's what I was looking for.-Blue chips closed up 3 3/4.Oil service stocks slumped....You shouldn't watchthat other channel.It's for mommies and daddieswho love each other.-Promise me you won't ever watch it.-Okay.-Promise me.-I promise I won't watch it.-Good boy.-Hi, Dad.Stealing cable is wrong,so I'm not watching it......in the hope that others willfollow my example. Thank you.Hey, Lisa. Racing from Belmont?Horsies!Sorry, I'd rather go to heaven.There's something wrongwith that kid. She's so moral.Why can't she be more like...?Well, not like Bart.-But there's gotta be a happy medium.-Well, you know....Bart was looking at thatracy movie.And Lisa is losinga little respect for you.Maybe we should think aboutunhooking the cable.-Unhook it? But I love cable!-Then you should pay for it.I can't afford it. When I canafford to pay for it, I will.But I can'tso I'm not going to.Cable has become an evil presencein our home.Marge, I never put my foot downabout anything.But I'm severely temptedto do it.-No.-I'm sorry, it's coming down.-No.-It's coming down. That's it!It's coming down! The cable stays.The foot has spoken.-Lemonade? Please.-Seen it.-Cleans and straightens---Seen it.-Seen it.-I was poor.Soccer. Seen it.-Simpson.-How did you get in?Your door wasn't locked well enough.Would you be interestedin this stereo? A $500 value.You can have it for $40.-Get out! Criminal!-I'll go see a neighbor.-He's not home!-Even better.You sure about this?Doesn't look friendly.Can't be too careful.Thieves are everywhere.I'm not talking aboutthe small, forgivable stuff.Come one, come all!Top Hat Theater is on the air!The most beautiful women! Just 50cents! I'm your host, Bart Simpson!You must be at least8 years old.And now The Top Hat Channel isproud to present Broadcast Nudes.-Gross!-Yet strangely compelling.-It's a raid!-What the--?I know you. Come back here!You promised me you wouldn't watchthat trash. Go to your room!I wish I was an adultso I could break rules.Oh, great.-I brought some imported generic beer.-Thank you, Barney.-How many people are coming?-Just a select circle.Hello!I brought an assortment of jerkies.-Did you swipe those from work?-Certainly not. What are you implying?There is no love lost betweenthese two warriors.We almost had a scuffletoday at the weigh-in.You have a special motivationgoing into this bout.I want to dedicate this fight tomy manager, Vinnie, who got me here......and then...-...passed away two weeks ago.-Any response?I would also like to dedicatethis fight to this manager.-You can't!-I can!You dedicate the fightto your manager!I want to tell youthat I'm not watching this fight.It's my form of nonviolent protest.Hi, Homer. I brought you--Quick! It's Moe.I gotta hide the mugs.Will you get--? Hey, go protestoutside, will you? Now!-Hi. I brought you a mug.-Thank you.I always wanted one of these.Oh! Mr. Burns!-Hide the stuff I borrowed from work!-Borrowed?-Okay, that stuff I stole from work.-Oh, okay.Come on! Take all this.Put it in the closet.Will you quit staring at melike that?Hello. We were in the neighborhoodand thought we'd drop by.Hello, Mr. Burns.Like to watch the fight?The fight! Don't mind if I do.Oh, Simpson. Good news.I brought some munchies.Smithers, the Cheetos.In but a few scant minutes,the anticipation---Simpson?-Yes.-You have an illegal cable hookup.-No. No, l--It wasn't me.It was my wife's idea. Yeah!Hey, hey, hey.Settle down, fella.We were hopingwe could watch the fight.Oh, sure, sure. Be my guest.-Here's lemonade for your protest.-Thanks, Mom.-It isn't going very well.-Don't give up.When you love somebody,you must have faith......that they will do the right thing.He learned how to fightin the projects of Capital City......and honed his skills whileserving time for assault......in Springfield Prison.All right! A local boy!For 5 years, I was away frommy kids and their mothers.The conditions were irrevocable.Assault. Manslaughter.Stealing cable TV!Marge! Lisa! Maggie!Shake hands. Keep it clean.Come on, boy!Excuse me.I hate to interrupt your judging me.I've made a couple ofimportant decisions.Number one: I'm cutting the cablewhen the fight's over.Number two: I'm not very fondof any of you.-Back to the fight.-Get down!We may have saved your soul.Tatum is reeling!Yeah, at the worst possible time.Eight! Nine! Ten!This fight is history!It's done!A stunning knockout by a thunderouspunch in the 12th round.Tatum is the new championof the world!Everyone to my place forsquishies and microwave burritos.Best fight ever and I missed it.We're really proud of you.-What a donnybrook!-Hogwash!I once watched Jim Corbett fight anEskimo bare-knuckled for 113 rounds!Back then, if it was less than 50rounds, we demanded our nickel back!-Cable clippers.-Here you go.-Go for it, Dad.-I beg you to reconsider.Tractor pulls. Atlanta Bravesbaseball. Joe Franklin!Third time's a charm.