A dash of rosemary, a smidgenof thyme, a pinch of marjoram.Marge, you make the bestpork chops in the world.They're nothing special.The extra ingredient is care.A sprinkle of chervil, half a teaspoonof turmeric and a whisper of MSG.-I'm gonna build you a spice rack!-Don't go to all that trouble for me.It's no trouble!I've got a garage full of tools.Hey, kids! I spy Itchy and Scratchyoff the port bow!-Down in front!-Shut up, boy.They fight and biteFight and bite and fightFight fight fight, bite bite biteThe Itchy and Scratchy ShowI knew this stuffwould be handy.


Let's see now, here it is.The Complete Handyman's Bookshelf."Volume One: Spice Racks.""Pick up a hammer."Not as easy as I thought it was.Wow!-Dad, can you move your head?-I can't. It's broken.Where would a child get the ideato attack her father with a mallet?No, Maggie! Bad baby!Keep her away!She's got that crazy look again!So television's responsible.We were watching that.You won't be watching any more.Ever!But if you take them away, we'll growup without humor and be robots.Really? What kind of robots?


I heard about the cartoons.Tough break.Thanks, Nelson.What if you watch itover at my house?Hey, that's just crazy enoughto work.You heard me. I won't be in forthe rest of the week.I told you. My baby beat me up.It is not the worst excuseI ever thought up. Wise guy.I wonder why the kidsare late getting home.-How come you can watch cartoons?-Because.-Because why?-I said so.-You said so why?-I'm trying to work.-What are you doing?-Cataloging the violence.I don't think adults have eversat down and watched them before.What kind of warped human beingwould find that funny?They think this is suitablefor younger, impressionable viewers?-Yeah, what are you gonna do?-I'll tell you. I'll write a letter!Dear Purveyors of Senseless Violence:I know this maysound silly at first......but the cartoons you showto our children......are influencingtheir behavior negatively.Please tone down the violencein your otherwise fine programming.Yours truly, Marge Simpson.Take a letter. "Dear Valued Viewer:Thank you for your interestin our program.Enclosed is an autographed photoof America's favorite cat and mouse.As to your comments, research showsone person can't make a difference......no matter how screwy she is.-So, let me close by saying...."-"And the horse I rode in on"!I'll show themwhat one screwball can do!Everybody's looking at us, Marge.That's what we want them to do, Homer.How long are we gonna do this?I've never changed the world.I don't know how long it takes.-lf people take an interest---Hello, Marge!-What is "S-N-U-H"?-Snuh.It's "Springfieldians for Nonviolence,Understanding and Helping."It's a crusadeagainst cartoon violence.I can protect my kids, but many othersare being warped each afternoon.That reminds me. I've got to getto Milhouse's to play.-All right.-I'm going to Janey's.We'll be makingthe most of our childhood years.-Have fun.-We will.What happens when a child has insanelyviolent role models like these?The answer is all around you.How many of you were hitwith mallets last week?I didn't know they madeTV dinners this bad.-Can I watch cartoons?-No.-There's peas in my cobbler.-They're everywhere.-I guess I'll go and watch cartoons.-No! I'm sorry about the dinners.-I'll make up for it.-Who's up for cartoons?-No one!-All right.Tomorrow, how about makingyour patented pork chops?Sure! Oh, dear, I can't. I've gotthree protest rallies tomorrow.Twenty million women,and I had to marry Jane Fonda.Hi, kids! Guess what, Sideshow Mel.-It's time for Itchy & Scratchy!-Boo!Hey! Settle down, boys and girls.Or Krusty will bring out his friendCorporal Punishment again.Please, stop it.-Who are you people?-What do we want?Less violence inkid's programming!-When do we want it?-Now!They're ruining the show!Stop! Please, stop!Please, lady, be quiet!I'm trying to earn a living here,all right? Stop!That woman.That screwball, Marge Simpson.We've got to stop her. How?-Drop an anvil?-Hit her with a piano?Stuff her with TNT,throw a match and run?All your degrees and that'sthe best you can do? You make me sick.Less violencein children's programming!-When do we want it?-Now!Less violencein children's programming!-When do we want it?-Now!I'm so funny!Some of these are good. I never knewmice lived such lives.So much brutality.I don't know if I'm having any impact.Don't do that!Hey, don't do that!Take that, you dumb squirrel!Where do they get their ideas?What is it? What? Smartline?Yes, I've heard of your late-nightpanel discussion show. I'd love to!Smartline! With our localEmmy-winning host, Kent Brockman.I'm Kent Brockman.Welcome to another Smartline.Are cartoons too violent? Most peoplesay, "No! What a stupid question!"One woman says yes.She's here tonight. Marge Simpson.There she is!Also with us forthis animated discussion...-...are Roger Myers---Thank you.--Krusty, whose program brings usItchy & Scratchy every afternoon....Hi, Kent!And, joining us via satellitefrom Vienna, the home of Freud......to give insight into the mind,Dr. Marvin Monroe.Let's see what this is about.Here's an example of the workbeing made at I & S Studios.Hilarious. What's wrong with that?-Nothing's wrong with it.-Excuse me!-He's asking me.-I know. Nothing's wrong with it.-It's a bad influence on children.-Give me a break!That is baloney. And here's why:I did some researchand discovered a startling thing.There was violence in the past,before cartoons.Fascinating.There was the crusades.Tremendous violence! Many killed!-It went on for 30 years.-This was before cartoons?That's right, Kent.So much for your viewpoint.Dr. Monroe, would you care to comment?To me, the high jinksof comic characters......pales in comparison withthe problems I run into everyday.I'm referring to women who love toomuch, fear of winning, sex-aholism.So you have no objectionto Itchy & Scratchy?No, not at all.One of my guilty little pleasuresis to turn on Itchy & Scratchy......and laugh myself silly.What's wrong with that?Not a thing.Now, for another opinion.Hi, kids!Please. This is your chance toparticipate in a serious discussion.I'm sorry, Kent. It's just whenthe camera gets on me---Krusty!-Sorry.We won't settle this tonight.Mrs. Simpson, in the nine secondsleft, can you summarize your position?I'd ask the parentsconcerned about this to write in.Let the cartoon makersknow how you feel.I don't believe it. "I won'twatch your show, buy your products......or brake if I see youcrossing the street."Wow, that's cold."Dear Sleaze Merchant. "Now, come on, that hurts.Gentlemen, the screwballs have spoken.Hello?-Is this Marge Simpson?-Yes.The Marge who fixed it so cartoonscan't be violent?Yes.This is Myers with the writers.How do we end this picture?What's the problem?-Itchy stole Scratchy's ice cream---Make it a pie. Easier to draw.Okay, a pie.Scratchy is understandably upset.We figured he'd grab Itchy...-...and toss him in acid.-Oh, dear.But we thought it might be violent,which is wrong now, thanks to you.What's your idea?-How do we end this?-Let's see....Couldn't Itchy share his pie withScratchy? Then they'd both have pie.It's different, I'll give you that.A tool every handyman needs.It's a jigsaw! A drill!It's an asphalt spreader!It's 67 tools in one!-How much would you pay for all this?-$1000!-Don't answer yet.-Sorry.-You also get---I was watching that!-Time for Krusty.-We can watch cartoons?-Yes, dear. All you want.-All right!-Turn it up!-Hey kids! Time for Itchy & Scratchy!They love, they shareThey share and love and shareLove love love, share share shareThe Itchy & Scratchy Show!Lemonade?-Please.-I made it just for you.You are my best friend.Itchy and Scratchyhave lost their edge.It's a nice message of sharing.I think it sucks.Thank you, Maggie.-This hits the spot.-Doesn't it?-You make good lemonade.-Thank you, Itchy.Wasn't that funny, boys and girls?Well? Wasn't it?Aren't you going to watch the rest?-No. Come on.-Maybe there's something else to do.But the third bowl of porridgewas just right.Hi, kids!What? Is this Saturday?What did you kids do today?We went fishing.Almost caught a catfish this big.I went bird watchingand saw a grackle.That's nice, dear.-Let's finish our soapbox racers.-Okay.-May we please be excused?-Sure.Wow! What great kids.This is the golden age, Marge!The parents owe it all to you.I didn't expect thingsto change this much.I always knew you'd makethe world better.This will be the art event of thecentury! Michelangelo's David......on a tour of the U.S.Which cities will bein your itinerary?-New York, Springfield---Yes?If we have time,Chicago, Boston, Los Angeles.-Marge, get the door.-What in the world?Get dressed, Marge. Lead our protestagainst this abomination.That's Michelangelo's David.It's a masterpiece.Filth. It portrays parts of the bodywhich, though practical, are evil.-I like that statue.-I knew she was soft on nudity.Come on, girls.What is this?What do you want?We want your big Italian buttout of here!Smartline. With our local host,Kent Brockman.A masterpiece?Or just a guy with his pants down?That's our topic tonight.-Why are you against the statue?-I'm not. Everyone should see it.-Aren't you Marge Simpson, the wacko?-Yes and no.How can you be for one form ofexpression, like our naked friend......and be against another form,like Itchy & Scratchy?-Good question.-Well, I guess I can't.It's a shame.I hate those cartoons.What do you say to those out therewho wish to suppress David 's doodle?I don't know. One person can makea difference but probably shouldn't.Well, I guess that settles that.We will be ending early tonight.Tomorrow our topic will be "Religion:Which Is the One True Faith?"-There he is, Michelangelo's Dave.-David.-What's wrong, Marge?-Oh, Homie.The kids have a chanceto see great art.But they're watching a catand mouse disembowel each other.Don't worry, Marge.Soon every kid in school is goingto come and see this thing.-Really? Why?-They're forcing them!Well, isn't that nice?Sync, Edited, Checked by Ikatz