Hear about Miss Hoover?She drank some drain cleaner.I heard she fell down a well.Come on, now.She's been dumped again.I won't be staying long. I justlearned I have Lyme disease.Principal Skinner will stayuntil a sub comes.-What's Lyme disease?-I know.Lyme disease is spread by ticks.When a tick beginsto suck your blood......spirochetes infest your blood andspinal fluid and then the brain.The brain. Oh, dear God!


Come on, Elizabeth.Well, now, children, here we are.Open your primers to page 32.Ah, subtraction!Bart Simpson, I know it's you!And here comes Snowball II.We kept this one.The mother ate the gray one.Mrs. Krabappel,he's traumatizing us.I agree.Bart, shut that off and sit down.Look, this is cool. When I hitreverse, I can make them go back in.No, you're not seeing things.This, my little friends, is a schwa.-Are you the substitute?-I am.-Are you insane?-It's how I get their attention.All right. Play friendly withyour new teacher, children.Howdy. I'm a Texas cowboy from 1830.


-Ask me anything you like.-Can we play kickball?Kickball? There ain't no kickballin 1830. Any other questions?Shoot! It's awfully quiet.Well, how about this?I want to see both eyes up here.There are three things wrongwith my costume. Name them......and you get my hat.-I know the answer.-What's your name?-Lisa Simpson.-Well, go ahead.Your belt says "State of Texas, "but it wasn't a state until 1845.Very good.-The revolver wasn't around till 1835.-Excellent.You seem to be Jewish.-You sure?-Italian?-Jewish.-Cowboys aren't Jewish.Good! I also have a digital watch,but I'll accept that.For the record, there weresome Jewish cowboys.Two suggestions are Mr. Nerd-stromand Mr. Booger-strom.Today we will beginselecting a class president.I can't vote, but Isuggest Martin. Martin?As president, I would demand ascience fiction library......featuring an ABC of theoverlords of the genre:-Asimov, Bester, Clarke---What about Bradbury?I'm aware of his work.Thank you, and keep watching the skies.Excellent! Excellent, Martin!If you're through with your pemmican,why don't we sing a song?This one's not very accurate,but we'll fix it. Okay?Actually, the range wasfar from home.It was a desolate placeof danger and disease.Unlike the efficient Indians......cowboys used onlythe tongue of the antelope.What's this? Did you do it?No! I would never doanything like that.It was one of those immature---Can I have it?-Yes, but I didn't do it.-Are you sure you didn't? It's good.-I wish I had.Class, "The Singing Dork."Lisa!-Any more nominations?-We nominate Bart Simpson! Speech!I had a speech, but my dog ate it.Children! Bart, I need someoneto deliver a note to the principal.-Would you do it?-But where's the principal's office?What did I say about encouraging him?When Bart wins approvalfor being a fool--Yay, Bart!Bart! Bart! Bart!"Nobody, of the hundreds of peoplethat visited the fair..."...knew that a gray spider had playedthe most important part of all."No one was with her when she died."Come on, everybody has a talent.-I wanna see yours.-I don't have one.There has to be somethingyou do better than anyone.-Well, I can do this.-Yes! Great!How about you, Ralph?Wonderful!Chuck?Disgusting. I love it!Lisa, you're holding out.I see a saxophone!-I can't.-Come on. I bet you're good.-I can't.-Sure you can.-Please don't make me do it.-You owe me one.While I'm technically married......it hasn't been much of a marriagesince Mr. Krabappel moved out.This professioncan strain a marriage.I've been looking for a substituteto teach me a lesson I sorely need.Mrs. Krabappel,you're trying to seduce me.Well?I'm sorry. You're very nice,but it's the children I love.Mr. Bergstrom is the first thingI think of when I wake up.I feel that way about Homer.You don't understand.When he smiles, you see these teeth.But when he laughs, you see these.The eyeteeth.I don't know if he had braces,but they're perfect.I notice little things about Homer.Mom, this man makes you feellike there's nobody better.-So does Homer.-Mom, are we gonna talk or what?You have to accept thatI feel that way about your father.Fine.Yesterday, he read us Charlotte's Weband cried at the end.A book made him cry!Nobody gets back in afterlunch without one igneous rock......that's volcanic,and one sedimentary.-Lisa, can I see you?-Yes!Yes?Your homework is always so neat.Does your father help you?-Homework's not his specialty.-It's okay. My dad could---Not mine.-Let me finish.Unless the next word was "burp, "don't bother.In a sample taken in our classroom......an inspector found 1.74 partsper million of asbestos!That's not enough!We demand more asbestos!More asbestos! More asbestos!More asbestos!-You made the front page.-It's just a popularity contest."Just a popularity contest"?What's more important than popularity?-Bart, can you really win?-Sure, why not?I knew you had personality!They said it was hyperactivity,but I knew better!President Simpson.Has a nice ring to it, doesn't it, boy?-Yeah.-Now, go get them!He says, there are no easy answers!I say, he's not looking hard enough!You never lose appealingto the lowest common denominator.-You'll miss Bart.-When?When your life takes you places.Places where my intelligencewill be an asset?Yes, there is such a place.Believe me.I believe everything you say, withyour words and Semitic good looks."Dear Miss Hoover: You have Lymedisease. We miss you.Kevin's biting me. Here's a drawingof a spirochete. Love, Ralph."Oh, that's great, Ralph!The Springfield Museumof Natural History......will be closing down in two weeks.Go see it while you can.Lisa needs to go to the museum,and I think you should take her.The museum?Tomorrow? Oh, Marge, I'd love to,but I was planning on...Sleeping? Eating a big sandwich?TV? Spending time with the boy!...spending time with the boy.-I'm concerned about you and Lisa.-Me too. They're drifting apart.-Shut up, boy.-Homer, please.You don't understand. I can't--You're trapped. You're notsmart enough to get out of this.All right! I'll take her!Lousy brain.-What's a "suggested donation"?-Pay what you wish.-And what if I wish to pay zero?-It's up to you.-So it's up to me, is it?-Yes.And you think that people aregonna pay you $4.50......when they don't have to,out of the goodness of their....Anything you say! Good luck, lady!You'll need it!-Mr. Bergstrom!-Hi, Lisa.-Hey! You don't have to pay!-This must be your father.His teeth were jagged,but he could swallow you whole.Wow!Actually, they do know a great dealabout mummification.First, they pulled the brain outand stuffed the skull with onions.Gross!Creepy. But I'd rather havehim after me than the Wolf Man.Oh, Lord.I've noticed that Lisa seems to feelshe has no strong male role model.-She said that?-No, but, you know, she--But you can tell, right?She sees everybody else's dad......with a good education and says,"What did I do to deserve this?"You must be a bigger man. There'sa wonderful girl's future at stake.-lf she's so great, give her an A.-I am.-Great. Tell her she earned it.-She did earn it.You are smooth. I'll give you that.He ruined my chance to get to knowMr. Bergstrom outside school.I'll tell you what, why don'twe invite him to dinner?Oh, Mom, that's wonderful!-Can I help cook?-Yes.-Can I wear jewelry?-Sure.Dye my shoes?Paint my nails?Can we have wine?Can I have wine?Does Bart have to be there?We request the pleasureof your company-- No.If you're not doinganything this Friday-- No.Mr. Bergstrom, do you like porkchops? Oh, no, of course not.Good morning, Lisa. I'm back.My Lyme disease turnedout to be...-...psychosomatic.-Does that mean you're crazy?-It means she was faking.-It was a little of both.Sometimes when a disease is on thenews, it's natural to think you have it.-Where's Mr. Bergstrom?-Don't know.But I'd like to talk to him.He didn't use my lesson plan.-What did he teach you?-That life is worth living.The polls are opentill the end of recess.In case any of you havethought about this......we'll hear final statements. Martin?I don't think there's anythingleft to say.-Bart?-Victory party under the slide!Mr. Bergstrom! Mr. Bergstrom!He moved out this morning.He took his Copernicus costume.Where is he?He's taking the train toCapital City.The train. How like him.Traditional, yet environmentally sound.Yes. And it's been the backboneof our country......since Stanford drove inthat golden spike.I see he touched you too.-Thanks for your vote.-Voting's for geeks!You got that right.-Thanks for your vote.-We forgot.Oh, well, as long as a coupleof people did. Right, Milhouse?Lewis?-Somebody must have voted.-What about you? Didn't you vote?I demand a re-count.Two for Martin. Want another re-count?-No.-I want to make sure.One for Martin,two for Martin.This way, Mr. President!Now boarding the Afternoon Delight....Mr. Bergstrom!Hey, Lisa.-Hey, Lisa, indeed!-What? What is it?Were you just gonna leave,just like that?I'm sorry, Lisa.It's the life of the substituteteacher. He's a fraud.Today he wears gym shorts,tomorrow he speaks French......or runs a band sawor God knows what.You're the best teacherI'll ever have.-That's not true. Others will come.-Oh, please!You're right, I'm the best.But they need me over in Capital City.But I need you too.When you're middle-class......anybody who cares will leaveto help someone needier.I understand.Mr. Bergstrom, I'm gonna miss you.I'll tell you what.Whenever you feel alone......like there's no one you can rely on......this is all you need to know.Thank you, Mr. Bergstrom.-All aboard!-So, I guess this is it.If you don't mind,I'll run alongside the train......as it speeds you from my life.Goodbye, Lisa, honey!It'll be okay. Just read the note!Bart didn't get one vote?This is the worst thingthat could happen!All right, spilled milk.What are you so mopey about?-Nothing.-Lisa, tell your father.-Mr. Bergstrom left.-Oh?-He's gone. Forever.-And?I didn't think you'dunderstand.Just because I don't caredoesn't mean I don't understand.I'm glad I'm not crying.I'd hate for you to think that whatI'm gonna say is based on emotion.But you, sir, are a baboon!-Me?-Yes, you! Baboon! Baboon! Baboon!-You don't realize what you're saying.-Baboon!Someone was bound to say it,but I never expected her.Did you hear that?She called me a baboon!The stupidest and ugliest ape of all!You're not allowed to be hurt now.A little girl needs you.Her confidence in you is shaken......and no little girl can be happywithout faith in her daddy."Go away."Lisa, don't hold anything back.You can tell me.-You're sad you called me a baboon?-No!Nuts.This isn't going well at all.-lf you want me to forgive---No, I just wish I knew what to say.But maybe this music will help.Now, you lost someone specialand it hurt.I never lost anyone special to me.Everyone special to meis under this roof.It's true. Now, you'll have lotsof special people in your life.There's probably a placethey hang out......and the food is good,and guys like me are serving drinks.Maybe I can't explain all this,but I can fix your dollhouse.At least I'm good at monkey work.You know, monkey?You know what I mean?I can hold these nails in placewith my tail.-You're so silly.-Give me a banana.-I don't have any.-You're holding out on me.-I'm sorry I called you a baboon.-Think nothing of it.President Prince, President Princess,President Priss....Hey, what's the matter, son?Oh, Dad. If just me, Milhouseand Lewis had voted.Would you have gotten anymoney for being class president?-No.-Would you have more work?Yeah.Is Martin gonna get todo anything neat......like play in the World Series?-No.-So, let the baby have his bottle.That's my motto.Hey, thanks, monkey-man.Holy moly, talk about parenting.Sleep well, Maggie.Three for three.-Did you straighten everything--?-Don't say anything, Marge.Let's just go to bed.I'm on the biggest roll of my life.