D'oh!Stupid shopping list,turning food into work.Bart!- Look at me! I'm doing something!You better settle down, boy,or I'll drag you into the blind spotof that security camera......and beat you with oneof those big thick......women's magazineswith all the ads in it.Mr. Homer, why don't youforget your worries with this,the last lottery ticket on the roll.They say the last one is luckyunlike all the others.Lucky, or not.


You make a good case. I'll take it!Dad! Look at me! Look at me!Cannonball!I'll take that last lottery ticket, Apu.Again!LENNY: I won! I won!$50,000! Ponder this, Homer.This ticket would've been yoursif your kid hadn't been screwing around!That is true. Another ironictale of the Kwik-E-Mart.You just cost me $200,000!I thought it was 50.- I was gonna bet it on the dogs!All the groceries seem to have beenballed up in anger.That kid has becomea Dennis-level menace!Now, Homer, boys will be boys.


Bart cost us $50,000!I'm going to Moe's.ALL: Lenny! Lenny! He's our guy!Got the ticket Homer didn't buy!Cheer up, Homer.The drinks are on Lenny.I don't want your pity booze.I'll pay for it myself.I gotta check with Lenny on that.Is that all right, Lenny?Nope! Lucky Lenny's buyingall the drinks tonight!Sorry, Homer. But here's a compromise.Why don't you both pay for the drink?And tip.I just want to tell you allthat even before I won this money,I was the luckiest guy in the worldbecause I've got friends like you.ALL: Aww.That's why I'm spending my remainingscratcher winnings......on a kick-ass party for all my friends!Where's Bart? We're gonna be latefor Lenny's party.BART: Don't waste your shot, Bart.You've got just enough cat peeto soak two dorks.Bart Simpson!Did you just spray water on me?It was water this morning.Dang that Bart! Thanks to him,I have to wear my backup dress,which makes my arms look fat.- You look great!Ha-ha!You feel self-conscious!Why can't our son just behave?Well, Marge, you did have that one sipof alcohol while you were pregnant.I now christen this ship,the USS Float and Shoot.Ay, caramba! Ay, caramba!That was unforgivable.But I'm beginning to think that Bart'sbad behavior is more than just a phase.Mom! Bart's flicking boogers on me!They're not boogers! They're clumpsof rubber cement that I stored in my nose.Oh!Stop it, both of you! Don't make medrive into that tree! You know I will!No flicking boogers!And no driving into trees!BOTH: Yes, ma'am.Wow, Lenny went all out.ANNOUNCER: In the beginning,there was darkness. So God created man.But man was alone.God created the animals and birds.But man was still Ionely.So God said, let there be friends!Thank you for being a friendTravel down the road and back againYour heart is trueYou're a pal and a confidantThank you for being a friendThank you for being a friendThank you for being a friendThank you for letting me take homethe centerpiece!These are going right on my mom's grave!Thank you for being a friendLenny, it was pretty cool of you to spendyour lotto winnings on your pals.It was worth it so everyonecould have a wonderful evening......and go home with a gift bag.Hmm.A vacuuming robot?Now before you all leave, I know everyonehates vacuuming and loves robots!These innocent robotscouldn't have done this on their own.Someone would've hadto turn them all on at once......and imbue them with some kindof malevolent sentience.Yep, there it is.Well, whoever did this must be longgone by now, Chief.I don't know how we'll ever catch him.Kill, kill, kill!Hold it right there, Bart. Can you tell usanything about who did this?VAC-U-BOT: Bart make bot bad.I can explain.- Kill the child!Bart, I've had it with you!I'm taking away all your TV privileges.You already did that.- Okay, then video games.That, too.- No more non-dice board games!What? You can't take my Balderdash!- I just did!I don't mean to be bad.I don't know why I do the things I do.No one understands me.I wish I had a different family.SIMON: I feel exactly the same way.Oh, my God.You look like a dorky version of me!And you look likea dimwitted version of me!And you twoare 10-year-old versions of me.The three of us could createquite a lot of mischief.But I have to fly back to New York.That's where my wife and I live.That's her.You want to see pictures of our kids?My name is Simon Woosterfield.- Woosterfield?Your family owns this place.And Woosterfield Arena.Bonnie Raitt played there.You guys must be loaded!Yes. You know,but the funny thing about being rich......is sometimes you wake up feeling...- Terrific? Incredible? Happy as a clown?Yeah. I'm living the dream.Wouldn't it be hilariousif we switched places......and lived each other'slives for a while?I don't know. I'm pretty attachedto my family. And...HOMER: Get out here, boy! I want to punishyou before I get drunk and merciful!Deal!My father's name is Homer.My mother's name is Mom.My sister's name is Lisabut everyone calls her Loser.My butler's name is Chester.I have a brother named Devonand a sister named Quenley.And my horse is called Shadowfax.You can't miss him.He's the only Lipizzaner in our stable.Lipizzaner, got it.There you are, Master Simon.Thank you, Lipizzaner.- As you say, sir. Watch your head.BART: Ow.You ruin everything!Driver, laugh at those people for me.- My pleasure, sir.McMansion, McMansion, McMansion,McDonald's?McDreamy.McSteamy.McMansion, Fleetwood Macand Macaulay Culkin!And this is your home, sir.But of course you already knew that.BART: Awesome.Awesome!Awesome!This is my bedroom?A candy corn volcano?A ceiling from Saddam's palace?Ooh! And a racecar bed! That really races!Wow. Cool poster of Joe Montana.- It's not a poster.I'm the real deal.And every day I stand here, the familydonates a million dollars to Notre Dame.Did you know the words'Notre Dame' are French......but the team is the Fighting Irish?That's the kind of thingI think about in here.Back in the poster, Gabby.- Yes, sir.Milhouse, it's me.Check out the caller ID on your phone.Blocked number?That service is 3.65 a month!Did you switch placeswith a millionaire kid......who looks just like you?Just sit tight. I'm sending a car.Why are these noodles orange?I made it with Cheetos,just like you like it.If the sauce is too thick,I can add more root beer.Maybe I'm just not hungry.- Human garbage can to the rescue!So at work today, we got a memosaying everyone's getting new chairs.Father, could you...- Talk louder? You bet!Naturally I threw my old chairin the Dumpster right away!But then Lenny said,'No. That was the new chair.'That memo was two months old.'So now I'm sitting on an orange crate.I never felt so...- Will you stop spitting food on me?Huh?Keep your meal in your mouth,you semi-literate spew monkey!That's it, boy!You're going to bed without supper!That was an odd thing for Bart to say.Maybe he's going through certain changes.If that boy thinks I'm payingto put him through four years of puberty,forget it!Stupid kids, think I'm made of hormones.Mister La-Di-Da, uppity...This is the greatest great hallI've ever eaten in, Bart.CHESTER: Huh?I mean, Simon.Oh.This must be my half-brotherand half-sister!They're beautiful. I mean, just the girl.I didn't notice the beautiful boy.So I said, 'Dad, I wanted a Range Rover,not a Land Rover.'This is the worstMartin Luther King Day ever!Well, well, if it isn't ourhalfwit half-brother.Ow.The old hot spoon! But why?Because you're our half-brother,you're blocking our full inheritance,and we hate you.- Now I get it.QUENLEY: Hmm!Bart, I have a crush on your new sister.You had a crush on my old sister!Yeah. But that was never gonna happen.Give me back my newspaper!- MARGE: Homer, it's not a real paper!It's a rubber chew toy!For your information, the Daily Growlis the only newspaper......that's not afraid to sayhow great this country is!How's the war going? We're winning?That's great! And our standing abroad?Fantastic.This place is insane.Tonight I got sent to bed without dinner!Yeah. Well, what's upwith your brother and sister?They're jealous because my father lefttheir mother to be with my mother, to...You lost me. Well, gotta go.Enjoy the upper lower middle class.Bart, honey?I saw you didn't like your dinner.So I thought you might likepepperoni pizza with the crusts cut off.Now let me tuck you in, fluff your pillow,and sprinkle a little fairy dustto keep the monsters away.It's cinnamon.Nighty-night, sweetheart.I could get used to this.Fancy party. This is like a rap videobefore the rappers show up.Simon, have you ever seenthe family mausoleum?All the Woosterfields will be buried here.Do you know that after 100 years,dead bodies turn to red licorice?Whoa! Let me at it!BART: Help! Let me out! I have mydoubts about this licorice!Mr. Burns, I'm really sorry.- Nonsense, Young Woosterfield.Your fortune is greater than mine.It is I who am at your service.Smithers, fetch us some lemonade!All they had was Sunnytime Pink.- Premix? I beg your forgiveness, lad.Smithers, pour it down your pants!Now squish about in those pants,rewetting every hour!Come with me.You know, Master Simon, I too was oncethe youngest in a wealthy family.You were once the youngest of something?But fortune ended up smiling on mewhile snuffing the life from my siblings.My older brother was trampled by a horse.My sister died of a poisoned potato.My twin was shot. That girl was stabbed.He ate another poisoned potato.Spontaneous combustion.Fell down a well, potato, potato,and impaled on the Chrysler Building.Wow. Only you survived.Which meansthe entire fortune went to you!Yes. Funny, that. A word of caution,Young Woosterfield.Watch out for those closest to you.- Devon and Quenley?You don't know when they'll strike.A boating accident,a mishap during a ski trip.But rest assured, one way or another,they will do you in.Oh, my God. Simon set me up.And all this timeI thought he wanted the life......of a stranger he met in the bathroom.Now, would you care to continuethis conversation on the teeter-totter?Why won't you come down?I told you. I only weigh as muchas my clothes and keys.Hmm.So I looked down the barrelof my Winchester rifle,I pulled the trigger,and I shot that buffalo!You shot a buffalo?- You were listening?Oh.That means I gotta come upwith an ending for this nonsense!Bart, what are you doing?- Politely listening to our grandfather.Huh.It was the war to end all wars.But Pepsi would not give up.They continued to challenge Coke!Okay, listen, you.I don't know who you are or......what you've done withthe real Bart, but...Well, God help me, I want him back.I don't know what you're talking about.The real Bart would've thrown me outthe window!He would have defenestrated you?You're just digging yourself even deeper.Come on, Bart. You gotta get out of here.Pack like you've never packed before.You know, I have never packed before.This is hard.So you're packing.You must've already heard.Heard what?- We're going to Aspen.On a little ski trip.Ski trip?- You won't know how they'll strike.A boating accident, a ski trip.Scrubbing you is easy'cause you've been pre-rinsedAnd when you're covered with goothat's when I'm scrubbing youScrub-ub-ub-ub-ub Scrub-ub-ub-ub-ubMom, 'Bart' has something to tell you.I don't like the look of those air quotes.So now Bart is on his way to Aspenwhere they're going to try to kill him.Thank you, Future Bart, for traveling backthrough time to warn us.Boy, Aspen sure is ritzy.Even the winos look better.We are champagnos.Who wants a mimosa?Uh...This trail is for experienced skiers.Which is what you'll beif you make it to the bottom.Which you won't.Soon he'll be dead.- And we'll split the inheritance.Yes, split.Potato?There's Bart!This looks like a job for Captain Crazy!Up, up, and away!Come on, gravity. You used to be cool.D'oh!Occupied.Two hot chocolates, please.Are you guests at the lodge?- No.You know, I feel sorry for you, kid,going back to that cold, loveless family.I'll survive.Your favorite, sir. Hot fudge sundaewith gold leaf and diamond flakes.Take me with you!I'll be anything and everything you want!Don't leave me here with them!I never thought I'd say this,but I missed you guys.Even what's-her-name... Lisa.Now we tuck in the tummy, the tushy,and the tootsies.This is the life.English - US - SDH