It's dark.Hot dogs, not so hot dogs!- Cold and droopy!Fried dough! America's worstlegal food! Never leaves your body!Wow, the truth in boardwalking lawhas really done a number on this place.Shoot an oversized basketballinto an undersized hoop!It's impossible! The prizeshave been here for 50 years!Maybe we should just checkout the street performers.Big deal! I could juggle six pinsif they let me use a unicycle.Well, if you think it's too easy,why don't you throw me something else?Are you insane? You can't throwa little boy into my cascade.Stop tossing kids!


Oh, man, I love saturdays.Man, I love saturdays.Finally, I can have fun with somethingI bought for myself: A new water heater.Almost there.Five more water heaters, andwe get a free water heater!A mysterious door.Hmm, it's like a sauna in here.It is a sauna in here. Must havebeen put in by a previous owner.This house is full of surprises.But this is the first good one.I can't wait to tell everyone.Oh, this is great, honey.Thanks for telling me about it.I hope you don't mind I invited lenny.And I hope you don't mindI invited carl and moe.


Yeah, you know, my invitationDidn't say nothing about no towels,So, I guess we shouldall just go scandinavian.Maybe I'll keep this to myself for a while.Lamb kebab.Chicken kebab!Fire kebab!Dad, no!- Dad, yes!Ow! Water!- Thank you.Why...You...Little...Burn, Barty, burn!I'm afraid his tongue will bein that cast for a few weeks.It may put something of acramp in your lovemaking.No, it won't-- if he wants me to dosomething, he'll just write it down.What does it say? Is it complimentary?Yeah, sure, it's complimentary.- It is?Hey, everybody, check out my compliment!Now, Homer, how would you likeme to remove it: Yanky or peely?Got it.I held up two for "peely"!- I thought that was a "y," for "yanky."I'll make a note in your chartthat you aren't always clear.Well, at least I can eat again.Cherry.Too much cherry!Lemon. That'll stop the cherry.Doctor, why is this happening to me?Well, I do have an idea, but just tobe sure, let's run some expensive tests.The fire burned off your oldtaste buds, exposing new ones.That'll be our christmas card this year.Homer, you've become a super-taster. Themildest spices will overwhelm your tongue.Even a taco could drive you insane.I can't eat tacos? Oh, my god.What day of mayo is it?Cinco.- Ay-yi-yi-yi-yi!Try these beets. I boiled all the red out.I still taste overtones of pink!Dad, I got the perfect thing.It feels like food, but ithas no flavor whatsoever!It's mac and cheese from the schoolcafeteria: The blandest food known to man.What else do they got?- Tofu cubes, tidy joes.Chili con cottage cheese, pecan blandies,Cream of steam, you guess 'ems...Man, who comes up with this stuff?Old comedy writers who nowhave to work at our kitchen.The one rule we had on charles in charge,is charles must always be in charge.Oh, yeah, that makes sense to me.- Good rule.That's a great rule. Great rule.Lunch card.Lunch card.Lunch card.- Don't have one.Dad, what are you doing here?Son, from now on, I'm eatingall my meals here at school...With you!- What? No!Oh, come on, relax. I won't embarrass you.$3.85.- Can I work it off?Don't worry, I won't embarrass you.I'll start you on jell-o.I'm big and yellow and I'm servin' jell-oif you're a fellow and you want some jell-oyou better bellowhey, big guy, give me some jell-o.Up-bup-bup-bup.No jell-o for you, Bart.It'll keep you up at night.Like last week when you crawledinto bed with me and mommy.Sure is hot back here.And there we go.Don't worry, I won't embarrass you.I used to date your daughter.Buddy, I'm here to eat, notmake interesting conversation.Dad, do you have to hang out at my school?It's bad enough I have tobe here three days a week.Well, I know when I'm not wanted.Am I wanted?- No.Hi, Homer Simpson. Mind if Isit near your son? Mine sucks.Well, we certainly are proud ofNoah. He's a straight-a student.Noah, state capitals.Alphabetical order, on my clap!Albany! Annapolis! Atlanta! Augusta!Austin! Baton rouge! Bismarck! Boise! Boston!Capital city! Carson city!- Wow! He's terrified of you.That's why I'm here: To makesure he gets good grades.You come to school tohelp him get good grades?Isn't that why we pay public schoolteachers those enormous salaries?Well, call me over-involved, but someday,your son will be my son's chauffeur.Well, I hope your son enjoys being drivenaround by the president of the United States.Really? Let's see what the futurepresident's doing right now.Yeah... You don't seemany presidents doing that.Maybe I B.J., you know, at the end.- It's not your son's fault, it's yours.You have to hover over your kid'sshoulder to force him to succeed.It's called "helicopter parenting."I don't have to "helicopter" Bart.I've got a backup plan called "Lisa."Oh, right, your second grader.Sure, she's smart, but how can shebe successful if she's not popular?Do you mind if I join you?- Well, that depends. What are you eating?Baked potato, side salad and a...- Well, we're having cold shoulder.Is this seat taken?No, go ahead, take it.Take it way over there.Oh, my god! My son's a loserand my daughter's a loner!Way to go, Marge!Marge, where have you been?- Well, I, uh...No time. I'll just deduce where you werefrom a list of possibilities in my head.That makes sense. Moving on.If we don't get more involved in theirlives, Bart and Lisa are going to be failures.Failures who work for... Noah!- "Noah." I like that name.No-ahhh. Noah. Noah!Aren't you the one whousually worries about stuff?Am I?If Marge doesn't worry aboutthe kids, then that leaves... Me!Help me, mayonnaise!Look at all these helicopter parents.I hope Bart's doing okay on his own.There's no future in that!Don't forget, children, monday is theBalsa-Wood model-building competition.The american Balsa councilwill award this year's winnera $1,000 savings bond fortheir college education.A thousand dollars?! That'swhat my house is worth!Bart simpson, what will you be making?- I don't know.Time to take control of my son's life.Let's see. What can he build?Too obvious.Got to be something from earth.You're no help.Perfect!"The Washington monument"?- Washington monument.I like Bart's idea.- You're not in this class.Willie swept me in here.- My mistake.I did it! I helped my son!Helicopter Homer away!Black hawk down! Black hawk down!Lisa, I found this book in the "What's wrongwith my daughter" section of the bookstore.It tells you how you can get popular.Dad, if I join a clique, I'llbe the kind of person I hate.Sweetie, our country was founded bya clique: The continental congress.Dolphins swim in cliques.Those are my two examples.Well, they are good ones.And to show you how this book works,I will demonstrate on some rats.Let's try what chapter seven calls"un-sults," insults disguised as compliments.Hey, lenny.It takes a lot of courage to wearsuspenders when you're not in the circus.Well that's very nice of you... Hey!You saying my clothes are clown-like?Oh, god, I feel so insecure.Please be my friend.See, it works.And un-sults are just the beginning.There's also envy-tations, hate-hugs,spamming with faint praise and...Hey, everyone, want to go get frozen yogurt?- Yeah! I do! Yeah! Oh, yeah!Ooh, I'm sorry, moe.I didn't mean "everyone" everyone.Hope you don't mind.- No, that's all right.If I didn't sell booze, theyprobably wouldn't even come here!And that, my dear girl, iscalled the toledo take-back.Dad, I don't want to hurt people's feelings.I see. Well, maybe you'renot ready for this book.It is more of a big girl thing.- I'm a big girl! I'm a big girl!One of you said somethingbad about the other.He did?! He did?!Son, you buy an awful lot of airplaneglue, but you never buy any models.Oh, right, models.One messerschmitt M.E. 262, A '67 S. GTO, anAlfred E. Neuman with interchangeable arms.We'd like some Balsa wood, please.- Enough to build a washington monument.What scale are you using?- What cologne are you wearing?None of your business!Now we'd like our Washington monumentto be 1/500 the size of the real one.Washington monument?Aren't you going to even try?What do you mean? And who are you?- I'm your son's principal.And the washington monument is themost uninspired model choice there is.It's like saying, "I don'tcare. My kid's a loser."But! You... What's thehardest model there is?That would be Westminster Abbey.Attention parents, children and childlessweirdoes! My son and I are going to build....Westminster Abbey!You've got to be crazy!- Prepare to be frustrated!You won't get past the north transept!Hey, how hard can it be? All wehave to do is follow the directions.Marge, the boy and I willbe making Westminster Abbey.Blabby's gonna build an abbey. Groovy.But first, as part of operationpopularity, Lisa and I are hostinga decorate-your-own-cell-phoneparty in the back yard.Brittany and kaitlin are here!Where's my spray-on tan?!"Ant poison"?Why do I always read the labels after?Ladies, we've got it all.Rhinestones, stickers, tassels...Everything to make those hundred-dollarphones look like five-dollar toys.Lisa, this party is twisted!- You're fierce!I've never been called "fierce" before."Strident, hectoring" has been tossed around.Let me take a pictureof you for my cell phone.I'll put you on my desktop!I'm going to make you my friend on facebook. Please confirm.Confirm.I am such a great parent to both my kids.Hello, little girl.Who do you belong to?Hey, boy, why don't I do that for you?- Isn't this supposed to be my project?All the other parents aredoing it for their kids.Now stand back and I'll take it from here.A little further back.Do you want me to watch and learn?- Naw, that kind of creeps me out.Must finish poet's corner or Bartwill work for Noah with his hot mom.Oh, that's not henry theseventh, it's henry the sixth!Stupid, stupid, stupid!- Homer.Don't give up till you finish my dear Abbey.- Geoffrey chaucer?!What are you doing here?- Well, I'm buried here.And I want to tell you, you'reright to do all Bart's work for him.It's the best thing for the boy.- That's terrible advice.Anne of cleves!What you do for your son,he'll never learn to do for himself.And where is this delightful boy?- Oscar wilde?Homer, there are only two tragedies in life:One is not getting what one wants,and the other is getting it.But that makes no sense."Experience" is simply the namewe give to our mistakes.Shut up!These days, man knows the price ofeverything and the value of nothing.Whatever happened to "boo?"Now we could smash the realWestminster Abbey so it looks like this.There are no flights to london till 5:00.Welcome to springfieldelementary's next top model...building contest.Kenny, he said your show.- I watched it once!Now, judges, Start your nodding.Flawless. Stunning.Awe-inspiring. Meticulous.Skinner!These models are clearlythe work of meddling parents.The only entry that repels my eye enoughto be constructed by a student is this one.Congratulations, son.At least you followed the rules.Yes! Yes! In your face, losers!This helicopter is taking off!No! Stop the hovering!I didn't make this terrible model.My dad did.Why can't you guys let usdo things for ourselves?In the words of Oscar Wilde, "Experienceis simply the name we give to our mistakes."I saw him too, dad.- I'm sorry. I got carried away.From now on, the only thing I'll everdo for you is cosign if you want a gun.At least I made Lisa popular."I h-8 this?"I'm sorry, dad.These girls are nice on the surface,but it's hard work staying this shallow.I hope you understand.- Yeah, it's clear to me now.The best thing I can do asa parent is simply check out.No, there's a middle ground.Lisa, a light bulb is either on or it's off.- Not if you use a dimmer switch.That's what the dimmer switchcompanies want you to think.What's wrong, homie?- I tried to fix the kids' lives,but instead I led them to rich andrewarding personal decisions of their own.Well, I know a place in thishouse where you can really relax.The mattress the dog sleeps on in the cellar?- No, I gave that to the homeless shelter.It was stuffed with cash!- Well, I'll make you forget all about it.Feeling better, super dad?- Oh, yeah.I feel like I've died and gone to hell.