The Simpsons - Season 20 Episode 06"Homer and Lisa Exchange Cross Words"♪Lemonade! Sweet sunshine in your mouth!Buy a cup, or I punch my sister!It's true! He's not bluffing!Maybe we should put a dollarin the jar, prime the pump.What are we, a piano bar?I'll take 15 lemonades.Make that 16.Lousy dog.If you had your way,I'd walk you every day.


Lemonade!- Eh!- Stop pushing!Six cups, please. And put it on my tab.Keep moving, deadbeat. Cash only.Fine. Lemonade's for babies anyways.I'm going to Moe's, for beer!Have fun drinking your lemonade, babies!Lisa, can Daddy borrow your bike?I guess...- Hey, Moe, give me a...- Homer, shush!We're watching Krabappeltry to break up with Skinner.Seymour, I have somethingdifficult I want to say to you.I understand.It can be very difficult fora woman to propose marriage.


But I am willing togo halvsies on a ring.Seymour...Excuse me.Any of you lugs want to breakup with my boyfriend for me?I'll buy you a beer.Seymour, Edna asked me to talk to you.Splendid! Shall we discussmusic or the weather?No, this is about you.Edna wants to break up.- She wants to break up?- Yeah.- With me?- Yeah.Look at it this way: you'rea free man. Unlike me.You have all your hair. Unlike me.No kids tying you downor a crippling mortgagethat you refinanced at 26%because a dancing Internetcowboy told you to.Oh, God, I hate my life.Gee, compared to you, mylife is one big half-day.Exactly. You're good looking,you have a decent job.What lonely widow wouldn'tconsider you an option?Thanks, Homer. I don't think the schoolpep squad could've cheered me up more,and they were state runners up in 1997.Homer, that was amazing.He actually felt better coming outof the breakup than he did going in.Say, Homer, you're real good at this.Think you could dump mygirlfriend Doreen for me?Doreen. She's cheated on you with everyone.Well, except for me. AndI've showered her with gifts--fancy soaps and massageoils and, uh, what have you.Ooh, here she comes.Work your magic, Homer.- Is Lenny here?- Oh, I'm afraid Lenny's dead.What? I just talked to him.And you will again, becausehe isn't really dead.And now this next pieceof news won't seem so bad.- Lemonade!- We want lemonade!Don't worry, folks. Our masterchef is stirring up a fresh batch.Stop that transaction!I'm a part-time field agent with theSpringfield Department of Commerce.- Great gig.- It is a great gig.May I see your vendor's license?Um, I think it's...We don't have one.35 cents? Where did that come from?Can't be mine. Must be yours.I don't care if it's 45cents, I don't want it.Submit this form tothe License Bureau.Until then, this stand is closed.Boys.Geez, I'm thirsty. You got any lemonade?Not anymore!BUREAU OF LICENSES AND PERMITSDRIVE, MARRY AND HUNT,ONLY $49,95Come on already.Come on, come on. I was halfway throughan operation when my license expired.I'll get to you, just as soon asI finish this crossword puzzle.Ah, no, come on.- Let's go, buddy.- I left bananas in my car.Let's see, uh, ten across:"Franklin Roosevelt's middle name."Excitement. Oh, wait, that don't fit.Maybe you could use some help."FDR's middle name": "Delano.""Oxidized surface":Well, that's "rusty.""Bartenders serve them 'dirty.'"- Ham sandwiches!- No, "martinis."Oh, right.One more word! "Singerof Yentl," 13 letters.I got it! "Isaac Bashevis!"Now, give me my license!Give everyone their license!Whoo, what is afour-letter word for "hero"?- "Hero."- Yes, but I meant "Lisa."- Lisa!- Lisa!- Y'ello.- Homer?It's your old roommate, Grady.- The gay guy?- That's not all I am!Well, it's a lot of what I am.Any-hoo, I heard how good youare at breaking up couples.I need your help to break up with Julio,'cause I met someone new, someonemuch more cool and refreshing.Got it. Marge, I'm goingto a hardcore gay club,and I won't be hometill 3:00 in the morning!Have fun!Ay carumba!Bart, I've fallen inlove with crosswords.It finally happened. You'vegone completely fruit loops."Fruit Loops." That's the answerto 38 down: "Toucan's delight."No, I mean you're loco in the co.- "Cocoa": "Ice rink drink."- You're losing it!"Losin' It": "Risque '80s teen flick."Fine, go nuts, see if I care."Eye care":"Optician's concern."Oh, thanks for your help, Bart."Bart": "San Francisco people mover."Speaking of SanFrancisco people mover...Grady is breaking up with me?!You'll always have aspecial place in his heart!In his what?Oh, baby, you are the breakup king.You-You have made the seven minutes that I'mgonna go without love so much more bearable.Anyone else want me to getrid of that special someone?Okay, everyone, rotate one to your right.Guess what, Mom. I'm a cruciverbalist.Another religion?You know, you're just gonna drop thewhole thing when you go to college andget a Jewish boyfriend.Probably. But a cruciverbalist is afan of crossword puzzles, which I am!Me, too! I been doing them since 1958.Back then, we calledthem Alphabet Hotels,'cause every lettergets its own little room.I still do the SpringfieldShopperpuzzle every day.Let's see there.Grampa, everyone knows thatthe only real test of skillis the New York Timespuzzle,edited by Will Shortz."Will" and"shorts"--two things I'm no longerallowed to change by myself.Okay, back to the real world.- Isn't it beautiful?!- Sure is.- Who's driving the bus?- What bus?Sweet ConclusionsBreakup Service.Oh, yes, we dispose ofyour loved one humanely,thanks to our patentedTender Dump System.TIME - ICE CREAM -BOOZE - FLATTERY - LIESI'll be there in 30 minutes,or your breakup is free...!MARRY ME, MISS HOOVERMARRY ME, MISS HOOVERSHE WANTS TO SEE OTHER PEOPLESNAKE + GLORIA4EVERSNAKE + GLORIA4NEVERSimpson!What in the blue blazes are youdoing to my hopscotching grids?I- I made them into a crossword.Well, I'm a bit of a puzzle head myself.They, uh, help me wind down aftera day of dealing with Skinner!- You called?- Made reference.My mistake.Lisa, I think youmight be ready for this."Bald Man's Basketball League"?Hmm? Sorry, wrong flier. I meant this."Citywide Crossword Tournament"?- Oh, thank you!- Ah, you're welcome.Now, uh, I have to go home andmake sure my pool boy is using hisskimmer!- You called?- You misheard.My mistake.Marge, if I had a hundred dollarsfor every customer I'd broken up,I'd have exactly this amount.'Cause that's what I charge.Homie, I'm not sure aboutthis new business of yours.You're making it too easy for couples to break upjust because they hit a rough patch.I know this is hard on you. But in time,you'll come to see it's for the best.That's one of your breakup lines!What would have happened if therewas someone who could break us upevery time I had my doubts about you?Who are you?We are the spirits of therelationships you killed.We're the babies thosecouples would have had.And we're the antiques thosecouples would have bought together.Get him, chairs and babies!Homie?Marge, I'm getting outof the breakup business.And I don't know if I'llever sleep soundly again!Well, maybe...TODAY:CROSSWORD CHAMPIONSHIPSTOMORROW:GO OUTSIDE AND PLAYWow, so this is what this is.Cruciverbalists from farand wide have gathered herefor a no-holds-barredtest of skill.- Surely some holds are barred.- No, none.Well, it sounds really exciting,and you're a delightful young lady.Now if you'll excuse me.Hey, what's going on?It's kind of a secret, soshut the door most of the way.We found a way to makethis tournament interesting.We bet on the matches.Really? Well, I did bringthis envelope full of money.And these days, betting in abar is safer than any stock,bond or real estate investment.Agreed. So, who are you gonna bet on?I want you to put itall on my little girl.And parlay with the Asian kid.- He has a name, you know.- What is it?I don't know. He's not my kid.- I win!- She won!And like any prudent gambler,I know when to walk away: never!Okay, everybody, take a break.Dad, I could actually win this thing!And when you win, I win.I'll explain that toyou on your deathbed.My only fear is I always sabotage myselfwhen I'm on the verge of happiness.- You what?- In my young life,I've seen that every time I'mabout to achieve true happiness,some little piece of me says,"You don't deserve this."And another littlepiece says, "I agree."Right, right. But will it happen this time?With my luck, I bet it will. It's practically a sure thing.Contestants to your boards.- Wish me luck.- Just be yourself.I want to change my bet. I'mgoing against my daughter.I'll take your money, butI won't look you in the eye.Fine. I won't look you in the eye.- Have I made the bet yet?- I got it.We're down to our final two contestants.But before they compete, we wouldlike to pay tribute to all the wordsthat have been removed fromthe dictionary in the past year.SKEDADDLENIXONIANZOUNDSMIMEOGRAPHHOOTENANNYYou know, my wife Shirley, she'sthe real crossword ace in our family.Fills in those lettersfast as hail on a tin roof:ping-ping-ping, she's done.Ah, Shirley passed away two yearsago, but I'm still not over it.Aw, that's so sad.Hey, what can you do? Lifekeeps changing the music,but you gotta keep upthe cha-cha-cha, huh?Let's see, I'll spread some Qs around.That'll get my brain going.Oh, I dropped my glasses. Oh,Shirley, baby, I let you down.Hey, there are no lenses in these glasses.Let's see, that's "Enrico Fermi", andthere you've got the "Pet Shop Boys,"and cross the T and zing the Z andskit-skat skoodily I'm all the way home.Lisa got hustled.Oh, I blew it again.She blew it again.Here's your money... drenchedin your daughter's tears.You know, for a bartender-bookie, you're awfully judgmental.Boy, Dad seems awfully happy.And there's somethingdifferent about him.He bought new shoelaceswith fancy metal tips.Dad, did you come into somemoney we don't know about?- No.- You got highlights in your hair!Uh... the sun did that.And your car antenna has beenstraightened and re-balled.What's going on?Well, sweetie, Daddymade a little extra moneybetting against you inthe crossword tournament.You'll understand when you're a parentplacing large wagers against your own children.I hope you're not mad.No, I'm not mad.You sure you're not mad?No. I'm not mad.You sure you're not mad?No, I'm not mad.Mr. Teddy, can youask Lisa if she's mad?What's that, Mr. Teddy?You're saying that you know women,and that when women say they'renot mad, they're madder than ever?Oh... she's gone.Can you drive me home?I'm a little drunk.Lisa?Lisa?!Lisa, sweetie, pleaselook at your Daddy.You stopped being my Daddyas soon as you bet against me!All I have now is a mom, whichis why I'm taking her maiden name!From now on, I'm Lisa Bouvier!Hey, Mr. S. Lisa B.No...!Would you like to buy some band candy?Yes...!Lisa's mad at me, and now she's usingMarge's maiden name instead of mine.Homer, whatever youdone to that little girl,you just gotta do somethingeven nicer to win her back.She may never take back your name,but there's still a chanceshe'll take you back as a Daddy.Wow, nobody gives better parentingadvice than childless drunks.So the name "LisaSimpson" is available, huh?Lotta goodwill attached tothat name. I gonna take it.Lisa's Tavern, Lisa speaking.Lisa, sweetie,I'm honored that you chose myname, but it's not that great.Back in high school, the boysused to call me Marge "Boobier."Hey, Bouvier was JackieKennedy's maiden name.Really? I never knew that.What did you think her namewas before it was Kennedy?Jackie "O." Like SpaghettiOs.I thought that was whereher money came from.Look, why don't you cheer up by doinga New York Times crossword puzzle, huh?I'm through with crosswords.My innocence died inthose 441 little boxes.It might be a fun wayto kill a couple hours.A couple hours? I can do theSunday puzzle in less than one hour.A couple of hours.43 MINUTES LATERLast clue: "Loses on purpose."Diets!Oh, Will Shortz, you clever rascal.And a new record time.Wait a second."Dumb Dad Sorry For His Bet."Wow, it's almost as ifDad planted that message.No, it must just be a weird coincidence.But what if it's not?Oh, it must be.Or mustn't it not?Dad, I know this is crazy,but did you plant a message to me inthe New York Times crossword puzzle?Well, I had a little help from this guy.New York Times Crossword Editor Will Shortz!And master puzzleconstructor Merl Reagle!I actually wrote that crossword.And I edited it. Nowget back to crosswording!Yes, sir.Well, I must admit, I'm kind of touched."Dumb Dad Sorry For His Bet."Nice.You didn't get Homer'swhole message, Lisa.- I didn't?- Take a lookat the first letters of all the clues.Dear Lisa,you make me so happyreally, really, really happy.Sorry, they told meI needed 144 lettersWhat was my point again?Oh, right.Bouvier or SimpsonsI cherish you,Oh, dad.