The SimpsonsD'oh!BART: Woo-hoo!St. Patrick's Day.I love how they made the river green.Actually, my nuclear plant did that.And now that you know,your life is in danger.Greetings, fellow Irishmenand lady Irishmen.I, Joseph Fitzgerald O'MalleyFitzpatrick O'Donnell...'The Edge' Quimby,welcome you to Springfield's......first booze-free St. Patrick's Day!Come on, people.


Your drunken shenanigansdestroy this town every year.And Ireland is so much morethan the imbibing of spirits.The Irish gave the world the paddy wagon,the shamrock shake, and folk dancingwhere you don't move your arms.Where's the IRA when you need 'em.We renouncedthe ways of the gun and the bomb.In the old dayswe would've been all over that.Oh, no. The Northern Irishare also having a parade.Two kinds of Irish people?What are they fighting over?Who gets to sleep in the bathtub?Actually, those Prots and Cathieshave hated each other for centuries.It always comes downto transubstantiation......versus consubstantiation.Stop it, both of you!You have a common land, a literature,


and the sweetest songs on earth!Too-ra-Ioo-ra-Ioo-ralToo-ra-Ioo-ra-liHush, my little babyHush now, don't you cryALL: Too-ra-Ioo-ra-Ioo-ralToo-ra-Ioo-ra-liToo-ra-Ioo-ra-Ioo-ralThat's an Irish lullabyOh, no! Without the booze,these guys all rememberhow much they hate each other!This was such a pleasant St. Patrick's Dayuntil the Irish people showed up.Urchins!They took my cupcakes!All right, you unwantedmiracles, give back the lady's cupcakes.You don't have the teeth for it.Aye, but we could gum the frosting.Well, if it's good gumming you're after,wouldn't you rather have thislovely cabbage?CHILDREN: Cabbage, cabbage!Here you go, ma'am.Not a sprinkle nor jimmy askew.Thank you so much, Mr...Patrick Farrelly at your service.Marge Simpson. Well, Mr. Farrelly,the least I could do is offer youa cupcake.Mmm.Light, moist, and such a marvelousshape retention.Marge, I own a small bakery.Will you bake for me?Me? A professional baker's employee?Imagine how different my life would be.Here we are at school, kids.Hey, what are those boxes in the back?Cakes!- BOTH: See ya.I'll do it!- Bless your heart.You won't regret it.- I already don't.Homer! I've got great news!I'll use my one phone callto find out all about it!Mulk request change of venue.Green monster cannot get fair trialin downtown Springfield.Granted.Homer Simpson? You're a repeat offender.Three-peat.Bail is set at $25,000.I make that in a year.I suggest you see a bail bondsman.Okay, Simpson.All of your information checks out.I called your bossto verify your employment,and he says you're firedfor getting arrested.You'd be amazed how often that happens.Oh!We'll put up your bail money.Just pay us 10 percentand show up for your court date.And if I don't show up?Then you gotta deal with me.The name's Wolf, and I'm a bounty hunter.If someone skips bail,I track 'em down and bring 'em back.I also take a tooth, make aplastic cast, put it on this necklace,then replace the tooth at my expense.Well, time to go back to my worldof sleazy bars,tattoo parlors, and greasy spoons.What a great job.And I could use a job right now.Whoa!Not just anyone can be a bounty hunter.You have to pass an online exam.No, wait. They got rid of that.There is a ten-dollar filing fee.But you can get around it.Congratulations.You're now a bounty hunter.Mmm.Okay. I've set my trap.Now to scatter my cheese cubesand the rats will come.Condos! Affordable condos!Bail jumpers welcome!'Bail jumpers welcome.' That's refreshing,after the cold shoulder we got at theTown Homes at Sterling Point.Let's not get too excited till we......find out if it's ina good school district.Well, so wait. Are we telling people now?Stop! In the name of a private citizenwith no connection to the law!Now are you gonna come quietly,or do I have to......Now let's think about this.If you shoot me,I won't be able to stop you......and you'll be free to go.But someone may come after you.Probably not, given your reputationfor shooting people who come after you.What I'm trying to say is,not shooting me now......would be the biggestmistake of your life.Huh?Bullet-proof glass.Flanders?Yep. I'm just replacing the front windowof my store,which was broken in the riot.Young man, what would your mother say......if she knew you were shootingnice people in the brain?She'd say that year off from Princetonwas the worst decision I ever made.Well, son, if you take responsibilityfor your actions,this could be the startof a better life for you.Maybe you're right. Maybe I should just...This case is in the bag!Homer, you could've killed him!I sure could've. Thanks to you.Now I can clearly see potential customerswalk right past my store.Enjoy your shopping elsewhere.Hey, Ned. I brought you something.What the...- It's your share of the money......for bringing in that bail jumper.Ned, I never thought I'd say this,but we make a great team.Us? A team? As the salad said to the soup,I'm all mixed up.We should be bounty hunters together.You're kind and smart.I'm cruel and strong.Together, we're nothing.But together,we're the perfect bounty hunter.Well, I could use money. But you haveto promise me something, Homer.Sure. What is it?- We have to do everything by the book.And you have to promiseno 'diddilies' or 'doodlies.'My friend, you have a dealaroonie!Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm.Marge, your talent with cakesis a rare and precious thing.Well, thanks. But I've been wondering.Why do you only have me make spheres,rods, and half-moon shapes?Well, Marge, I'll tell you,Right after I talk to these customers.We're going to a bacheloretteparty for a really naughty girl.Yeah. We need something tastyand tasteless.I've got just the thing,courtesy of my newest baker.Freshly frosted ass cake.Oh, my God. This is an erotic bakery!BOTH: Mmm.Delicious.Now what do you havein the way of a suggestive cannoli?We have quite a selection.Yes! Oh, boy.- I'll leave you with the book.How could you not tell methis is an erotic bakery?Marge, calm down.For as long as there's been baking,there's been erotic baking.It fills a need and harms no one.Harms no one? Explain that to...Well, what about...I think you forgot about...My number-one customers are marriedcouples, your friends and neighbors.I just made a custom orderfor the Hibberts.It's an exact replicaof the good doctor's...I don't want to know!- It's not what you think it is.Good.It's his penis!- That's exactly what I was thinking!Marge, this is a valuable public service.Without your baking, people like mewill be forced into back alleys,repurposing Ho Hos and Ding Dongs.You have a great gift.Don't let it go to waste.Well, okay.This Taser is awesome!Finally, a practical use for electricity.Dear Lord, thank you for creating somany evil criminals for us to bring in.And also, thank youfor my partner Homer, who...Did you just Taser my coffee?Just warming it up.Now to melt the cheese in this croissant.And get rid of a little excess earwax.And smoke a relaxing cigar.Homer, can we take it easy on the Taser?- No problem.Our first bail jumper!- Let's roll.Homer, take the Taser out of your pants.No, it looks cool!Boy!Boy!Down in the street there is violenceAnd a lots of work to be done...MAN: Who's there?- Bible salesman.No place to hang out our washingAnd I can't blame all on the sun, oh noWe gonna rock down to Electric A venueAnd then we'll take it higherOh, we gonna rock down to Electric A venueAnd then we'll take it higherWorkin' so hard like a soldierDaddy's home!I brought you kids some stuff from work!Here you go, son! Shell casings!Whoa!There's still bullets in some of these!Point them away from your sisterswhen you hammer them.Yes, sir!What'd you get for me?Something for the sweetest littlescientist in the world.A new chemistry set!Dad, is this from a meth lab?- The biggest one in town!This is evidence.Evidence that I love my little girl.Marge, I brought you some flowers.A full dozen this time! No tricks.Homie! I got you something, too!A sterling silver picture framewith pictures of our kids in it.Yes, for now.I guess things are working out pretty goodat your bakery job.Maybe we could order one of your cakesfor Lisa's birthday.How dare you?- What'd you do that for?Sorry. Sorry. Muscle spasm.I'm not convinced. Still on the fence.Now I believe you.He'll be here sooner or later.So how about a little stakeout music?Homer, I don't think we havethe same musical tastes.Well, I like AC/DC.I like their Christian cover band, AD /BC.Kindly deeds done for freeKindly deeds...Done for freeKindly deeds done for freeKindly deeds and they're done for freeKindly deeds and they're done for freeI've never seen anyoneeat pizza like that.You gotta try it!This way the pepperonis stay intactuntil they reach your stomach.Then bam!Man! That's harder to swallowthan evolution!You've gotta roll it from the point.Here. Let me show you.Not bad.- Now let it unfurl in your stomach.There he is!Kitten whiskers!There's one thing he didn't count on:My reckless indifference to human life!Lord, in your mercy,could you give my friend a stroke?Seymour, those string beanswere cooked to perfection.After twenty years,I am finally starting to like you.Just wait for dessert, sir.I made it with you in mind.Outstanding.I'll just shut my eyesand let you place it before me.AGNES: Seymour, what's going on?I'm coming down there!Quick! We'll have to eat from each end.We'll know we're safewhen our lips meet in the middle.Homer, you can't drive a caronto a subway.You need a special stickerjust to bring a bike!Have you no respect for the law?Hey, it worked, didn't it?Okay, smart guy!You're going in the bag!Wait. I left a sandwich in there.Homer, no. You promised. Everythingwas supposed to be by the book.You know what your problem is?You haven't become as badas the people we chase!This partnership is over!I'll tell you what'sover: This partnership!You know, if you'd take your foot offthe accelerator going downhill,you wouldn't use so much gas.I can't take another word out of you.I can't believe Flanders dumped me.Marge, do we have any more of yourextra-Iong Twinkies?Oh, no! Those were for Mr. Smithers'commitment ceremony!Marge, what's going on?Homie, I've got a confession to make.I'm an erotic baker.I hid it all in the one placeyou'd never look.Marge, I could see you withholding sexor withholding cake.But withholding sexy cake?I know we have to move past thisbut I don't see how.Homie, what do you say we go to bed?You, me, and the cake?First, why don't you and Iand the cake take a shower?Oh.Lucky Jim, I'm out ofthe bounty hunting business.Not so fast, Ned. I got one morebail jumper for you to pick up.Forget it! I'm turning in my...Well, I don't really haveanything to turn in.So that's that!I suggest you call Homer Simpson!This is one jumper that Homer can't catch.Homer?- Seems he never showed up in court......on his St. Patrick's Day arrest.- Not interested.All right. If you don't want the job,I'll just give it to one of these guys.I'm sure they're allcompetent professionals.But you'd best leave it to me.Hello? Hello? Anybody home?You jumped bail, Homer.I gotta bring you in.What have you done to my family?I figured a good time to pick you upwas when they were at Lisa's recital.And how did you know I wouldn't be there?Lucky guess.Well, you'll never take me alive!Forgot my keys.I loved you, man!- For the last few weeks.But most of the time I've known you,you've treated me like dirt.You hang onto resentmentlike a Confederate widow!I forgave you for accidentallykilling my wife.Yeah. But you hold onto the big things!The point is the more I got to know you,the more I got to like you.I like you, too. But you broke the law.So I gotta bring you in.So it's gonna be like that, eh?I got you, my friend.Thanks. But what are you holding onto?Well, I'm...Now all we have to do is get outbefore the concrete hardens.Damn it.'Lest I come and strike the earthwith a curse.'Thus ends the Book of Malachi.I guess I did know the wholeOld Testament by heart.Out with the Old, in with the New.Testament that is.Matthew 1.'The book of the genealogyof Jesus Christ, the son of David,'the son of Abraham.'Abraham became the father of Isaac.Isaac became the father of Jacob.'Jacob became the father of Judahand his brothers.'Judah became the father of Perezand Zarah by Tamar.'Simpson, we're gonna put you awayfor a long, long time.Make it life and you've got a deal.MARGE: Don't feel too bad, Homie.You'll be free tomorrow.And I used all my new baking skills......to make a special caketo remind you of me.Baby!Thanks, Marge.