(HUMMlNG)Hello. I'd like to votefor president, governor,and anything that will take moneyaway from our parks and libraries.Use machine number three.(HUMS)(GROANlNG)I can't fit in the booth.Use the double-wide.Ooh!One of those electronic voting dealies!ELECTRONlC VOlCE:One vote for McCain. Thank you.


(LAUGHlNG)No. I want to vote for Obama.Two votes for McCain.(EXCLAlMlNG)Come on, it's time for a change!Three votes for McCain.No, no, no!Six votes for President McCain.Hey, I only meant one of those votesfor McCain!(GASPS) This machine is rigged!(GRUNTS)Must tell President McCain.This doesn't happen in America.Maybe Ohio, but not in America!(HOMER SCREAMlNG)Okay. All I need is a Christmas gift for Lisa.


I don't have time to read all that.(HUMMlNG)Hmm.Montreal Expos jersey, Somber String,jacks, no ball, and a Slunky.Oh, I wouldn't give these to myworst enemy, which happens to be Lisa.Girls don't like trucks.Come back when you're something else.(HONKlNG)(GASPS)Perfect!Merry Christmas, Dad.We bought youthree more minutes of oxygen.Thank you, son.Can I play with it outside? Can l? Can l?(CHUCKLlNG) Sure.(LAUGHlNG)(LAUGHlNG LOUDLY)Hmm.Hey, Lise, I think I see onewith your name on it.I don't know howyou could top last year's gift.A box of your burps.Yeah. Here's your stocking stuffer.(BURPS)Wow! A Malibu Stacy Convertible!Oh, Bart! An actual present.That's right, Maggie. It's a car.MALlBU STACY: Let's go to the...(CHOKlNG)Posibots, transform!ALARM CLOCK: Snooze!LAMP: Three-way!BOOM BOX: Melody!(GRUNTlNG)What?Wait a minute. We're missing Sex Toy.(SUGGESTlVE MUSlC PLAYlNG)-Where have you been?-Where haven't I been?(CHUCKLlNG)Hmm. Is there something differentabout the kitchen?-No.-No. No.Well, the toaster'snever lied to me before.PlNK ROBOT: Hup, two...SEX TOY: Nice planet.(HUMMlNG)(HOMER SCREAMlNG)-Posibot engaged.-Battle commencing in ten, nine, eight...Hey!Hey, Homer. How was your Christmas?It was okay. I got Seinfeld, Season Seven.Finally, a Boxing Daythat lives up to its name!-Lisa, what's happening?-Well, if I had to guess,I'd say that two alien robot raceswho've been battling for centurieshave chosen our planetas the site for their ultimate confrontation.It is a good planet to settle things on.Oh! Ah!Stop it! Stop it! Look! You have madethe nacho machine cry.Cool!Carnage Destructicus,the moment has arrived, our final battle!Your final battle, Bestimus Mucho!Stop it! Just becauseyou're mad at each otherdoesn't mean you have todestroy our town.-That does not compute.-Really?It computes a little.What's this whole intergalactic tiffabout, anyway?-You know, I don 't remember.-Neither do l.Maybe the non-transformer thing is right.Thank you, human grandmother,for pointing out that it is futile to fightif we do not know why.And nowthat we are not fighting each other,we can team up to ensla ve your planet.That's great, because workingtogether, you can...Oh!(ALL SCREAMlNG)Okay, who's the idiot who taught themwhat foosball was?I thought they might enjoy it.Okay, Maggie. We'll be back in three hours.Or longer, if something happens to us.Maybe we shouldn't do this.She doesn't know anyone here.Look, sweetie.There's a familiar face. Krusty!(GlGGLlNG)Hey, hey, kids! Your old pal Krusty'sgonna teach you five new words:unlicensed use of my image.All right, boys. See those Krustysnobody paid me for?Sandblast them!Entertain the troops? No way!What have they ever done for me?Krusty, you made my daughter cry.Hey, my intellectual property rightswere being infringed.Do you know how that feels?Do you? Huh? Do you?(SCREAMlNG)One, two, three. One, two, three.It's no use.(DOORBELL RlNGS)Mr. Simpson, you have quite a talentfor killing celebrities.(LAUGHlNG)Well, I'm no drunk driving.I'd like to introduce youto some stereotypical ad men.Simpson, we gota swell little notion for you.Did you know you can puta dead celebrity in a commercialand you don't have to pay them a thing?Oh, my God! You finally did it!You mixed Buzz Colawith the smooth, rich taste oflemon!Unfortunately, there are certain starswho won't do what we want.What's their problem?They're still alive.And then we thought,"Who's good at killing celebrities?"Me!That's right!Homer, would you be willing to acquiresome more accounts for us?Well, you know, it is awfully hot today.(CHUCKLlNG)Now I'm too cold.Mmm.(PSYCHO KlLLER PLAYlNG)Psycho killerQu'est-ce que c'estFa-fa-fa-fa-fa-far betterRun, run, run, run, run, run, run awayOh, psycho killerQu'est-ce que c'estFa-fa-fa-fa-fa-far betterRun, run, run, run, run, run, run awayPsycho killerQu 'est-ce que c 'estFa-fa-fa-fa-fa-far betterRun, run, run, run, run, run, run awayWe can't just sit herewhile they exploit our images.Iow, low transaction fees?Sounds...Iike...quite...a...deal...pilgrim.I hate...trans...action...fees.(LAUGHlNG)Hey, George Washington!See if you think this is funny!(WEDDlNG MARCHPLAYlNG ON ORGAN)MAN: It's the Springfield Wedding Chapel'sannual President's Day marriage-a-thon!That ad implies that Mr. Lincolnand I are betraying familiarities!It's an outrage!(CHUCKLES)Yes, an outrage.(ALL GRUMBLlNG)(HORSE NElGHlNG)So are we gonna sit here flapping our jawsor are we gonna do something about it?Now wait just a gosh-darn minute here.We can't go taking the lawinto our own hands.These are people with hopes and dreams...Put a sock in it, mush mouth!All we are saying is let's eat some brains!(SLOW MUSlC PLAYlNG)Great party, Homer.Murdering Kate Winslet paidfor that chocolate fountain.(HORSE NElGHlNG)(STUTTERlNG) Golda Meir!(HA VA NAGlLA PLAYlNG)Mmm.-You ripped me off, see?-No, I didn't, see?You're gonna pay for what you done, see?(GRUNTS)I always thought I'd die of hepatitis, see?Rip Taylor? You're not even dead!Someone needs to check my apartment!(LAUGHlNG)(HUMMlNG)(GASPS)Let's get him!Little sister,is that moustache coming or going?Well, your wife likes it.(LAUGHlNG)You're all right, goofy grape.People, please! We're here to kill this jerk!Before you kill me, I gotta know,what is the one true religion?It's a mix of voodoo and Methodist.(HOMER LAUGHS MOCKlNGLY)Shouldn't have left the keyunder the mat, suckers!So what do you do for fun around here?Well, tonight we've gota poker tournament at the rec center.Ooh! After you, Mr. Pennyface.-ls your wife up here?-(LAUGHS) Well, we have an understanding.Mmm.(LlNUS AND LUCYPLAYlNG)(YAWNlNG)Good grief.-I like your witch costume, Lisa.-I'm not a witch. I'm a Wiccan.Why is it when a woman is confidentand powerful, they call her a witch?(TROMBONE PLAYlNG)-What did you say, Mom?-Nothing. I'm practicing my trombone.So what are you wearingto the Halloween party, Milhouse?I'm not going to the party.I'm going to the pumpkin patchto wait for the Grand Pumpkin.That means, "You kids have fun."What's the Grand Pumpkin?Every Halloween, the Grand Pumpkinvisits all the pumpkin patches in the worldand brings candy to kids who truly believe.Milhouse, for the last time,I made that up to mess with you!-The Grand Pumpkin isn't real!-I appreciate you testing my faith, Bart.But it's not necessary. I believein the Grand Pumpkin, almighty gourd,who was crustified overPontius Pie-Plate and ascended into oven.He will come again tojudge the filling and the bread...Sigh.(GASPS) You've all come to waitfor the Grand Pumpkin with me!Who wants to sing pumpkin carols?I've got a pumpkin carol for you.(CLEARlNG THROAT)(SlNGlNG) You are such a stupid moronIt makes people want to punch youThe Grand Pumpkin 's super gayPunch, punch, punch, punch, wedgie!(ALL LAUGHlNG)Your God is wrong.Let's get to the Halloween party.I want to hit the apple tank beforeall of the Granny Smiths are bobbed out.-Lise, you coming?-I think I'll stay with Milhouse.His glasses fog up when he cries.More Granny Smiths for me.-Lisa! Lisa! Wake up! He's here!-What? The Grand Pumpkin is here?No. I'm rehearsing what I'm gonna saywhen he shows up.He's here. He's here! He is here!(LlVEL Y MUSlC PLA YlNG)You owe me restitution!If he sees us fighting, he might not come!Grand Pumpkin, I know you're real.Why won't you show yourself?(SOBBlNG) Why?Happy Halloween!The Grand Pumpkin! You are real!That's right, Milhouse.Your childlike belief has brought me to life.I knew you'd come! I even baked youa loaf of homemade pumpkin bread!How delightful.Bread made especially for pumpkins.Actually, it's made from pumpkins.(EXCLAlMS)(RETCHlNG)Uh-oh.(SHOUTlNG) Revenge!(SCREAMlNG)(CHUCKLlNG)I'm gonna give you crossed eyes,like you might see on an idiot,a stupid triangle nose, and a big mouthfull of the ugliest-shaped teeth there are.Square! And I'm gonnamake your friends watch.No!(MOANlNG)Ladies.Stupid.(LlVEL Y MUSlC PLA YlNG)(MUSlC STOPS)Everybody, listen!The Grand Pumpkin is real!Hey! No hard-soled shoes!(GROWLS)(ALL SCREAMlNG)Oh, God! Everywhere I look!Pumpkin atrocities!Care for a pumpkin seed?(GASPS) You roast the unborn?(GROWLlNG)Touch me and I'll cut your friend.What do I care? That's a yellow pumpkin.-You're a racist!-All pumpkins are racist.The difference is I admit it!NELSON: I'd rather die than hate!This is all my fault!The Grand Pumpkin said my childlikebelief was what made him come to life!Belief, eh?Hmm.Say, Milhouse, have you by any chanceever heard of Tom Turkey?No. Who is he and what's his origin story?Well, Tom is a magical turkeywho gave the Pilgrims the technologyto put buckles on their hats.Now he appears every Thanksgivingto children who believe.Sounds plausible.Tom Turkey, help me. I believe in you.Are you looking for a particular partof my brain, or...Halt, yon pumpkin, most succulentand plump! I be Tom Turkey!A giant talking turkey? Preposterous!Prepare for the Almighty's judgment,thou stinking fruit of rotted vine!Pumpkin segregation forever!(GROANlNG)I can't live on the outside! I can't!(MOANlNG)Milhouse, your childlike innocencesaved us all!Tom, how can we repay you?How about a Thanksgiving feast?You can carve the turkey!(GASPS) You eat turkeys?Yeah, it's delicious!Especially when we take stuffingand shove it up the turkey's ass.Revenge!(CHlLDREN SCREAMlNG)Looks like those kids foundthe true spirit of Halloween,or Thanksgiving, or whatever.And for those of you who feel likewe've trampled ona beloved children's classic,I encourage youto write to the following address.Happy holidays, everyone!English - US - SDH