(SINGING) The SimpsonsD'oh!(BRAKES SCREECHING)(TRUMPET BLOWING)(CROWD CHEERING)(HUMMING)Care to try our new sciencewater?MARGE: The label is all in lower case.It's like drinking e.e. Cummings.And each of our flavorsis named after a real word!- Nourish.- Mmm.


- Vitality.- Oh!- Purple.- Ooh!- Potato Lime.- Mmm.- I Love the '90s.- Oh.New Car Smell.Excuse me.I'm feeling a little over-hydrated.That's normal.It just means your bladder's full of science.Now if you'll excuse me,our company just went bankrupt.(GROANING)(GASPS)Gotta find a place to tinkle!Language!Schools have bathrooms.And I'm a woman,so my going in unattendedwon't cause a panic.


(MARGE HUMMING)- Hey, Mrs. Simpson.- Janey.(SIGHS HAPPILY)That's Bart's class.(SNORING)Lousy teachers.(SNORING)Lousy hangover.This school has really gone downhill.That's an awfully crowded classroom.Three, two, one.Okay, children,I've just been granted tenure,so I'm gonna sit backand let Ralph teach for awhile.(CLEARS THROAT)Class, in what year was one plus one?The answer is the Amazing Ralph!The only person gettingan education here today was me,in how bad it is!Mrs. Simpson, let me pour you a drink.Scotch? Vodka? Gin?I got everything you want.I want my kids in a decent school!Hey, I want the "check engine"light on my dashboard to shut off,but that ain't gonna happen.Aah!And because of cutbacks,they were combining math with P.E.They were playing dodgebook!Look at this.Springfield Elementary's rating is so low,it's more than two standard deviationsbelow the norm!I can't understand that math referencebecause I went to Springfield Elementary!My cousin goes to a much better school.He lives in Waverly Hills.Their school system's the best!Their auditorium and their gymare two different rooms.(ALL GASP)We can't afford to move to Waverly Hills.Their house prices have commas in them.As it is, our lawnis just green-painted cement.(YELPS)I just wish I could goto a school like that even for one week.'Tis better to have learned and lostthan never to have learned at all.What if we got a small apartment there?We wouldn't have to live in it,but we wouldhave a Waverly Hills address.Mom, that's brilliant!We could go to a schoolwhere special doesn't always mean badand where the teachersdon't have to moonlight as telemarketers.As you know,the music of Air Supply is timeless.And now their 50 biggest hitsare on four CDs.Wait, wait, wait.You're putting us in a new school?What about my friends?Oh! Elementary school friends,those are forever!You're alwaysgonna be friends with Milhouse!(SINGING) Stand by meOh, stand by meOh, stand now, stand by meStand by meI need to rent an apartmentin the worst part of Waverly Hills,the crappier the better.- So cheap, eh?- Ahso sheepay to you.I can't afford this place. It's way too fancy.Sometimes there's not a train going by.Four walls?I was thinkingmore of something in a two or three.No windows, no parkingand a man died here.Play it cool, Homer.Don't let her know it's perfect.Yeah...Well, I'm lookingat a lot of murder sites right now.- Where's the bedroom?- Right here.Tempting, tempting.Where's the bathroom?In the Ethiopian restaurant- at the end of the block.- I'll take it!(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)(SINGING) Waverly HillsThat's where I want to be!Gimme gimmeGimme gimmeSquatting in Waverly HillsWaverly HillsGet education fraudulentlyGimme gimmeGimme gimmeMooching off Waverly HillsWell, welcome to Waverly Hills.Your children canstart school immediately.- Thank you.- Now,you'll be getting a random visitfrom the inspector sometime this month.- The what?- It's just a formalityto make sure you actually live here.Some people use the addressjust so their kids can go to our schools.I can see them now with theirbald heads and their blue-haired wives!How I despise them.Yeah. Well, here's our inspector now.Call it, friendo.Heads! I mean, tails! I mean, on its side!Well done.Now let me validate your parking.That's not enough.- Thank you.- Oh!Goodnight, Marge.It's so kind of you to live thereso our kids can go to a better school.When do I get to move back home?You just have to stay thereuntil that psychopathic school inspectormakes a surprise visit.You can come home when the heat's off.The heat is off.The hissing from the radiator is a snake.(HISSING)Please just stay theretill Bart graduates high school.That's another 20 or 30 years!(GROANS)Where am I?Wow! Your first day at the new school.Lisa, have fun. Bart, don't.(GASPS)Look at this place.It's everything I've ever dreamed of.On campus stables!Field trips to Europe!Oh, my God.Look what they serve in the cafeteria.Welcome.I'm your new principal, Dr. Bettelheim.Ooh! A doctorate!Wait! Don't matriculate those students!Principal Skinner?We need Lisa Simpsonat Springfield Elementary.She's our top student and she writes thefun facts in the morning announcements.Skinner!Bettelheim.Superintendent Chalmers!What are you doing at another school?Seymour, as superintendent,I supervise every school in the district.So, you're overseeing other people?I'm sorry if youmisunderstood our arrangement.What am I supposed to tell our children?They already know.And they're happy for me.(KNOCKING AT DOOR)Hey, neighbor. Welcome to the jungle,also known as,"Royal Waverly Apartments."Brought you a housewarming present.(FARTS)That was great!You mind if I use that at work?- It's yours, my friend.- Hey, are you into poker?Well, I love to play, but I'm not very good.Also, I always forgetto cash my chips back in for money.This man crush just got bromantic.You make words into dudes!- Guy five!- Yeah!Hi, newbie. I'm Caitlin with a "C."This is Kaitlyn with a "K."And this is Kate Lynn, two words.(LAUGHING AWKWARDLY)I'm Lisa, one word.So, Lisa, what's your favoriteAlaska Nebraska song?Mine's Touch a Star.Mine's Make It Yours: The Star Song.Who's Alaska Nebraska?Who's Alaska Nebraska?Only the greatest 16-year-oldsinger /actress in the world!Do you even know how lame you are?I should warn you.By using the term "lame,"you're violatingthe Americans with Disabilities Act.Ew! That makes you even lamer!(LAUGHING)(SCHOOL BELL RINGING)- B-plus?- Nice work.But I always get A's!At my old school, I got so many A's,the teachers didn't even check my work!Maybe that's why you got so many A's.Oh, my God. You've been challenged.Well, Lisa, let's see how you respond.(CRYING)Bart, at this school,I'm not a brain, I'm not popular,I'm not anything!Not to worry.At this school, we've got a clean slate.In fact, I'm establishing my cred right now.(SIREN WAILS)CLANCY: Got you!- Hey!- Come on!Take this as a warning, kids.Bart Simpson is the ultimate bad boy.Befriend himand you'll wind up just like him,a rebel who doeswhat he wants when he wants.Wow. Come on, tough guy. Let's go.GIRL: He's so bad!Okay, I held up my side of the bargain.Now you have to go to Ralphie'sbirthday party.- A deal's a deal.- And you'll stay till we cut the cake.Fine. I want one gift bag now,- and one when the party's over.- Fine, you got it.BIG TONY: You wanted a powwow, Chief?I know you been dealing drugsat the high school.But I'll look the other wayif you come to Ralphie's party.I ain't gonna pin no tail on no donkey!Look, just come to the party.It's gonna be fun.Batman's gonna be there!(STUTTERS) Batman?I ain't messing with no caped crusader.(SIGHS)ALL: Wow.I wonder what he did?- I heard he burned down his old school.- I heard he killed a groundskeeper.Oh, my. That's a bit rough.Now to turn my sis from loserto schmoozer.Qu? pasa, ladies?- You're that bad boy.- What do you want from us, bad boy?Don't tell anyone but my sister Lisais best friends with Alaska Nebraska.- Get out of here!- No way!You so lie!She didn't even knowwho Alaska Nebraska was.Duh! She said thatbecause she respects Alaska's privacy,just as I have no doubtyou guys will respect Lisa's privacy.(CHUCKLES)We're approachingbandwidth overload, sir.It's gossip at Waverly Elementary.- How juicy is it?- The juiciest!- Hi, Lisa.- Hi, Caitlin.- She knows my name!- No, she knows my name!Bart, your plan worked.My plan was to lie, lie like hell,and that's what I did.Well, well.It seems like someoneforgot about a previous engagementat the bowling alley from 2:00 to 4:30!(GASPS)Get him and string him up!"You have the right to be delighted."If you do not have a gift,one will be provided for you."(HUMMING)HOMER: It's open.Marge, I'm glad you came!There's a kegger down the hall.We can go as soonas I desecrate this corpse.I'm sorry, Marge. Where are my manners?Did you want to taunt my kill, also?Press the X button.I'm doing it!(PEOPLE CHATTERING)I'll get us some brewskis.Cup, m'lady? Or would youcare to funnel it down thy throat?Definitely a cup.Foam wasn't spilt in a day.- Dude, your date is hot.- Does she have a sister?Two, actually. Twins.Twins!I was an astronaut for a little bit.So many rules.(CHUCKLES)Your hair smells nice.- Listen. I got a place down the hall.- Let's go.So were you two in the same accidentor what?We don't need a bed.We're not gonna be sleeping.Woo-hoo!(KNOCKING ON WALL)We're not the only oneshaving a good time.What in God's name was I thinking?Maybe you could over again.I'll cook youmy special microwave burritos.I stop the ovenwhen the middle is still a little bit frozen.You know what a girl likes, mister.So can I see you again?How about you, meand my wife have a two-way?(CHUCKLES)Hi.Lisa, I re-graded your paperfrom the other day- and you got an A.- Really?My kid's a huge Alaska Nebraska fan.If she could somehow getan autographed photo or t-shirt,that would be A+ in my book.Did you just wink at me?Oh, look.There are pumpkin stickers on the floor.They must have fallen offyour homework for next week,which you don't have to hand in.I didn't think I'd geta fresh start like this till junior high.(EX CLAIMS IN FRENCH)(EX CLAIMING IN FRENCH)Even the Ralph of this schoolspeaks French.(BIDDING FAREWELL IN FRENCH)I love tapas.It's like appetizers for a mealthat never comes.Try the flan de leche de cabra.Be sure to dig around in the gunk.(GASPS)Homie!A key to your apartment.And I've got a present for you.But you'll have to waittill we're back at the apartment.Why can't I have it now?You got your present here.Basic fairness dictates... Oh!(CELL PHONE RINGS)Caitlin, hi.Do a reading at your bat mitzvah?(THANKING IN YIDDISH)Now my bat mitzvah means something.By the way, I was wondering.There's this Alaska Nebraska concertthis weekend,and the tickets are all sold out.Well, if it's sold out,even Alaska Nebraska's best friendcouldn't do anything about that.(LAUGHS UNCOMFORTABLY)Can't build more seats.Then get us backstage passes.Surprise!I redecorated!Where are my video games, my X-Box?My Wii?You don't need a Wii now that I'm here,because you and me make us.You know, you're startingto remind me a lot of my first wife.We can talk about thatafter brunch with my mother.(EX CLAIMS ANGRILY)Miss Nebraska,your purified waterand fried chicken skins are here.I am so tired of fans in my food.Alaska, we've never met,but everyone thinks I'm your best friend.Wait, wait. Let me guess.I'm supposed to give all your best friendsfront row seats and backstage passes.- Could you?- First, riddle me this.What's your favorite episode of my show?You have a show?Look, can you please, please help a poorlittle girl who was just trying to fit in?It's what half your songs are about.You know what?I was a little girl who didn't fit in, either.So you know what I did?I got a new nose, I got famous,and now I date the starting point guardfor the L.A. Clippers.Now if you'll excuse me,I have to go meditate and smoke.(SIGHS)Wait. I want to ask you something.Could you tell I lip-synchedthat whole speech?(ON RECORDING) You know what?I was a little girl who didn't fit in, either.So you know what I did? I got a new nose.I...That's amazing.I know. Security.You know, I thinkthose shirts should say "Insecurity."Because if you feel you haveto put what you are on your shirt,then I feel sorry for you.Do you feel sorry for me? Guess not.Where have you been?We have mirrors to hang!- I went to a movie.- Without me? How'd you get there?- I drove.- Without me?Sometimes I thinkthis 50-square-foot apartmentisn't big enough for the both of us!Fine! You can have your key back!I got it halfway.It went back.(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)(KNOCKING ON DOOR)City inspector.I'm here to verify that this isthe residence of Bart and Lisa Simpson.D'oh!Hello, friendos.Here comes Lisawith our backstage passes.- Yay!- Yay!People, I'm not who you think I am.I'm just a transfer studentwho wanted to make some friends.Yes, I lied to you.But you only liked me because of a lie.So if you think about it...Get the liar!Those are last year's shoes!- Kill her!- Also, it's Lisa!Kill her twice!Go, Dog. Go with pages missing.Lego spaceship, poorly assembled.Clearly this is the homeof elementary school children. Too bad.I was looking forward to killing youand making it look like a suicide.Thank you, friendo.- I am not your friendo.- But I thought...You said...Mom! Dad! I have to leave Waverly Hillsand never come back!I gotta get back, too!I just remembered I was playinghide and seek with Milhouse.Three weeks?This has gotta be some kind of record!I can't leave my bachelor pad.- My bros will miss me.- No, we won't.Your commentswhen we watch movies aren't funny.Why do you watch comediesif you don't want to hear more jokes?Please. I just want to go back to a placewhere I'm ostracized for being me,not for who I pretend to be.What do you think, Marge? Maybe we'veoutgrown our first apartment.Yeah. A house in the suburbsdoes sound pretty nice right now,although I am gonnamiss our little love nest.Get a room!- HOMER: Come on, boy. Be cool.- But...Be cool or you're grounded.(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)(SINGING) Waverly HillsThat's where I want to be!Gimme gimmeGimme gimmeSquatting in Waverly HillsWaverly HillsGet education fraudulentlyGimme gimmeGimme gimmeMooching off Waverly HillsEnglish - US - SDH