And so, in summary, there areonly two real commandments,and the other eight are just filler.I knew it.And now, I have some exciting news.Tomorrow will be blessed with a visitfrom the highest ranking clergymanof our Presbylutheran faith,his holiness, the parson.The parson? He's coming here?Oh, my God! She fainted!Let's go get smelling salts!Suckers!Springfielders havecamped out all night


to get a glimpse of the mostsaintly person to visit our townsince Mother Teresastopped here to gas up her Vespa.And I'm selling all sorts offaith-based knick-knacks.Let's take a look."I'd commit arson for the parson.""Clergymen can kiss my apse."All kinds of gems.Surprisingly, none of them have sold.Except for this one.There you have it.News has never been softer.What's that? The parson is here!Oh, my God! It's him!The earthly embodimentof the elected chair ofthe national congress of deacons.Hello, everybody. I hope you didn'tgo to all this trouble for little old me.


Parson, Parson. Give us a quickofficial church position on family?Well, in these modern times,family is more important than ever.You just made my mustache tingle.Settle. Settle down.Now, now. I'm just a man likeany other that has been chosen by God.I have come here from our world spiritualheadquarters in Michigan City, Indianato say, "Keep up the good work."And now, if you'll excuse me,I'll do a little speaking with your deacon.I love to go to churchIt's where I like to readI get a day in of prayingAnd still tee off by threeOh, calm down, Tim. He's just yourold roommate from Texas Christian.He's like the pope of this thing!This would be like Mary Kay visiting youwhen you were selling her cosmetics.That is if you had stuck with it.You asked me to quit, becauseI was making more than you.Not now. He's here.Welcome, Your Holiness.You'll love whatwe've done with the church.There's fresh wax on all the pews.Sounds to me like somebodyput on more than just one coat.Maybe.Tim, is there somewherethat we can talk?Of course. My office.Perfect.Walking to your officeis what I like to doMaybe while we're at itWe'll peek in at your pewsNilla wafer?I'll take two if you don't mind.Tim, I'm here because of a problemwith your last recertification.When we tried to chargethe filing fee to your credit card,it was declined.Oh, yeah. The bank puton a security holdafter they saw chargefrom an offshore poker club.Helen had bought a fireplace pokerfrom Nova Scotia.She says it shifts logs betterthan American pokers.But I disagree. We'll get through it.We always do.Well, love conquers all, huh?I remember whenshe was Helen Schwarzbaum.In fact, I remember whenshe was Harold Schwarzbaum.You what?I've said too much.But for the three monthsit took your card to go through,you weren't certified.Anything you officiatedduring that time--funerals, baptisms, even bingo.Well it just didn't count.Well, I'm surethe Lord is understanding.No, He's not.I'll notify those affected right away.Tea time.What's going on?Helen, I was briefly uncertified.So all those gracesyou said were a lie?That food might as well have beenregurgitated by Satan himself.Regurgitated by SatanHe couldn't keep it downOh, 666He got sick, sick, sickAnd that's how volcanoes were bornDue to a bureaucratic snafu,I wasn't an official ministerwhen we laid your dear Estelle to rest.She still alive?I'm afraid not.'Cos I left her ashes on the bus.So Captain, when I blessedyour vessel, it didn't count.Maybe the next one!So I'm afraid I wasn't the ministerwhen I blessed your ten-roof shanty.So that's why that ghostkeeps coming through the window.Afternoon.Fly away ghosty! Go backto your haunted cornfield!Reverend Lovejoy, you deliver pizza now?We didn't order a pizza.But you forgot the pizza anyway.Marge, the pizza place screwed up again.You remember when I remarriedyou two after Homer got that divorce?Like it was yesterday.Kirk and Luann split up so Homer,fearing we would do the same,preemptively filed for divorce.But then you remarried us,and we were as solid as ever.And I think Apugot lucky with my sister.Well, I'm afraid that joyous occasionfell during a time whenI wasn't actually a minister.Since that time,you two have not been legally wed.You don't get it, Paudre. My old ladyand I have a thing going on.We don't needa piece of paper to keep it real.Who are you calling an old lady?I need that paper quick!So you and Mom aren't married?Does that mean I'm a bastard?You were born whilethey were married so legally, no.But in the sense someone calls youone when they're angry, yes.It's not a big deal. We'll just goto City Hall, and get married there.I think it's romantic. You can pretendyou're newlyweds starting a life together.Yeah, instead of exhausted zombiesrunning down the clock.Why, you little bastard!That's the angry one.This isn't the mostromantic place to get married.Sweetie, any place I'm marrying youis the most romantic place in the world.Watch your back.Half a corpse coming through.Marge, this time I'm gonnagive you the wedding deserve.Let's get out of here.That's the line to get out.Hello?Hello. It's me, Lance Romance.Your first missionis to look out the window.Whatever you say, Lance.This is Bill and Marty saying,"Marge, go down to the basement."Homer, what's going on?The violin, pants with a crease. Why?Marge, you deserve a wedding daythat, unlike our children,was planned in advance.So, will you marry me in style?Oh, yes, Homer. Yes.Did you hear that Santa?She said, yes! Yes!Now back to your cold airless tomb.Ho, ho, ho.It's beautiful.But that's an awful lot to payfor a dress I'll only wear once.Marge, a woman only getsone chance at a second remarriage.The choice is yours.You can look like a fairy princess,or a pig wrapped in rags.A princess?Fine. We'll do it your way.This one's a little gay, isn't it?Well, the last time I checked,pirates weren't gay.Dude, how'd you check?Check out thisrocket ship cake, Marge.That's for a child's birthday.We're going to get this one.Maybe we can burythe rocket ship inside the cake.And that would be a big surprise,because I'd forget about itpretty quick.No rockets!You can pick the frosting.Chocolate!We'll take lemon.Okay, I want white roses at the alter,red roses along the aisle,and blue roses in the centerpieces.There are no blue roses.I want to talk to Howard!Howard died ten years ago.Well did he take allthe blue roses with him?My father was a lovely man.He took very good care of my mother and me.All right, people. I want every tableto have two baskets of bread,but only one plate of butter.That'll stimulate conversation.What if we--There is no "we" in "wedding."But there is, Marge.The first two letters.I can't believe you're ruiningthe second Thursday before the wedding!Oh, Homer.I can't believe you told Lennyand Carl they could bring dates!'Cos they're not evencoming to the wedding.Why not?Because they're RSVP cards arrivedone day after the deadline!Marge, maybe you shouldtake a break from wedding planning.I think you're becoming Bridezilla!Bridezilla?A combination of bride and Godzilla?How could you say that?More like you're a King Wrong!No matter what I do, Marge yells at me.If she's like this now, what will shebe like after we get married?Okay, okay. Everyone, back off!I want to see myself.A pimple? Not on my day, you don't.Okay, it's go time.Dim the lights.To the band.And release the groom.Homer, that's you.We are now eleven secondsbehind schedule!Homie!I can't believe Homerleft me at the alter.Oh, Marge. Have a shrimp puff.Wipe your tears withthe monogram napkins.I know it is hard, but smile forthe cameraman from Gary's Magic Moments.You have my deepest sympathy.What's going on?What's with all the darkness?Hello? Marge? Where am I?What the-- I'm chained uplike a common bicycle!Who would do this to me? It would haveto be someone who could afford a chain.You're going to be here a while.But I have to marry Marge!As of now, your patheticlittle life means nothing!Just so you know, you're makinga pretty bad first impression.It's all my fault.Homer wanted to servethose little cocktail hot dogs,but, no, I had to have spring rolls!They taste like nothing.I don't understand. Dad would never missan open bar with chicken wings.Plus, he loves Mom and us,yadda, yadda, yadda.Hey, I found something!Sideshow Bob!He ruined the wedding.Getting his revenge on us at last!Because he knows that if Mom and Daddon't get married, I'll never be born!I've got some wedding registryitems for Mrs. Simpson.I'm afraid I'm just Ms. Simpson now.Interesting nuance.I'd like to hear more about it,but company policy forbids chit-chat.I miss you so much.To remove that chain,you need the key to the lock.You idiot. How am I evergonna find the key to the--Oh, here it is.To get the key,I have to lick through a lollipop?How awful!Ow! What the--The lollipop is made of hot sauce.Whose side are you on?Sideshow Bob, drop that knife,and give back our dad!Oh?I'm working on a bust of Krusty,and using this knife to aerate the clay.Anyone for peppermint tea?Not for me. But the monkeyneeds to keep his strength up.We're gonna drop him out ofa blimp tomorrow, and see what happens.Oh, don't worry. Nothing's gonnahappen to you, Mr. Teeny Number 7.Bob, did you take any breaksyesterday? To kidnap our dad?Impossible. I was with Bob the whole day.Then we watched the deluxe DVDof the House Of Sand and Fog.At night, we slept inthe same bed for warmth.Then we woke up, had a little nosh,watched the House Of Sandand Fog again, with commentary.The director was an ass.Fine, but how do you explain this?Nice of you to think of me.However, S.B. could be anyone.Scott Baio, the Sultan of Brunei,the former Poland secret policethe S