Come on, Mom.Yeah, Mom.Hurry up.All right. Mmm.How about "he"?Two points.Your turn, dear.Hmm. How could anyone make a wordout of these lousy letters?Oh, wait.Here's a good one." Do.""Id."Triple word score.- Hey, no abbreviations.- Not I.D., Dad."Id." It's a word.- As in,"This game is stup-id."- Hey, shut up, boy.Yeah, Bart. You're supposed to bedeveloping verbal abilities...for your big aptitude testtomorrow.


We could look this "id" thingup in the dictionary.- We got one?- I think it's underthe short leg of the couch."Id: Along with the egoand the superego...one of three componentsof the psyche."- Get outta here.- My turn." Kwyjibo."K-W-Y-J-I-B-O.Twenty-two points,plus triple word score...plus 50 points for usingall my letters.- Game's over. I'm outta here.- Wait a minute, you little cheater.You're not going anywhereuntil you tell me what a "kwyjibo" is." Kwyjibo." Uh--A big, dumb, balding,North American ape with no chin.- And a short temper.- I'll show you a big,dumb, balding ape!Uh-oh.Kwyjibo on the loose.


We come from Springfieldand we sell swamplandyou there. No chewing gum on schoolgrounds. In the trashcan with it.Principal Skinner...one of my fellow childrenis vandalizing school property.Oh? Where?Over there, sir.See?- Look out, Bart. Here comes Skinner.- Yikes!Hmm.- Whoever did thisis in very deep trouble.And a sloppy speller too.The preferred spellingof"wiener" is w-i-e-n-e-r...although "e-i"is an acceptable ethnic variant.Good point.Boys, let's see your hands.Mm-hmm.Good. Okay.Simpson?you might say youcaught him red-handed.Simpson, you and Iare going to have a little talk.Same time, same place?Yes. In my officeafter school.Ooh!Bart, I hope you won't bear some sortof simpleminded grudge against me.I was merely tying to fend offthe desecration of the school building.- Eat my shorts.- Pardon?Now, I don't want youto wory, class.These tests will haveno effect on your grades.They merely determine your future socialstatus and financial success. If any.Mrs. Krabappel, isn't Bartsupposed to face the window...so he won't be tempted to lookat his neighbor's paper?- You're right, Martin. Bart?Remember to visualizethe complex problems, and relax.The test will start... now!"At 7:30 a. m., an express traintraveling 60 miles an hour...leaves Santa Fe bound for Phoenix,520 miles away."Shh!Visualizeit, Bart."At the same time, a local traintraveling 30 miles an hour...and carrying 40 passengersleaves Phoenix bound for Santa Fe.It's eight cars long andalways carries the same numberof passengers in each car.An hour later,a number of passengers...equal to half the number of minutespast the hour get off...but three times as manyplus six get on.At the second stop,half the passengers plus two get off...but twice as manyget on as got on at the first stop."Oof!.- Ticket, please.- I don't have a ticket.Come with me, boy.- We've got a stowaway, sir.- I'll pay. How much?Twice the farefrom Tucson to Flagstaff...minus two-thirds of the fare fromAlbuquerque to El Paso.- Whoa!Bart, there are studentsin this class with a chance to do well.Will you stopbothering them?He's not bothering me,Mrs. Krabappel. I'm finished.May I go outsideand read under a tree?Certainly, Martin.What are youlooking at, Bart?Are those naughty dogsback again?you have 20 minutes, class.He's a good boy now,and he's getting better...and sometimes even the best sheepstray from the flock...and need to be huggedextra hard.That's exactly the kind of crapolathat's lousing him up.Hey, look at this."I am a wiener."He sure is.- Mr. and Mrs. Simpson are here.Send them in.- Hello again.- What have you done this time, boy?I caught your sondefacing school property this morning.We estimate the damageat $75, and frankly...we think it's terribly unfair thatother taxpayers should foot the bill.Yeah, it's a crummy system,but what are you gonna do?Oh, no.He can't mean that.My wife thinksyou want me to pay for it.- That was the idea.- Oh.By itself, something like this mightnot call for an extreme penalty...but this is notan isolated incident.Bart's behavior is unruly.He's frequently absentfrom school, then gives teacherspathetic excusenotes...that are obviously childish forgerieswhen compared to--Well, at any rate,it is my reluctant decision--- Mr. Skinner, Dr. Pyoris here to see you.- He says it's urgent.- Send him in.Mr. and Mrs. Simpson,this is our district psychiatrist,Dr. J.Loren Pryor.What do we need a psychiatrist for?We know our kid is nuts.Oh, on the contray. I have somevey exciting news for all of us.This aptitude testwe administered this morning...has revealed that the young Bart hereis what we call a "gifted child."- A what?- Your son is a genius, Mr. Simpson.- Bart?- This lunkhead?- Impossible.No, no,we're quite certain.The child is not supposedto know his own IQ, of course...but, uh, you can seeit's beyond the range of any doubt.- 912!- Uh, no, you have itupside down. It's 216.- Oh.- That's still amazingly high.Tell me, Bart,are you ever bored in school?- Oh, you bet.- Mm-hmm.Ever feel a little frustrated?- All the time, sir.- Uh-huh.Do you ever dreamof leaving your class...to pursue your own intellectualdevelopment on an independent basis?- Wow! It's like you'rereading my mind, man.- Uh-huh.you see, when a childwith Bart's intellect...is forced to slow downto the pace of a normal person...he's probably going to lash outin ways like these.I think we should retest him.- We should move him to another school.- Ooh. Better yet.Bart, we'd like youto try a kind of school...that doesn't rely on grades and rulesand bells and buzzers.A school without walls...where you do as much or as little ofthe assignments as you feel you need to.- Does that sound good, Bart?- Sign me up, Doc.Excellent. We're all set.Here's all the information you need.Show up around nine-ish.Mr. and Mrs. Simpson,congratulations once again.I think we're allin a mood to celebrate.Doc, this is all too much. I mean,my son a genius? How does it happen?Genius-level intelligence is usuallythe result of heredity and environment.Although, in some cases,it's a total mystery.Aw, come on, Mom.you look veyintelligent, dear.No way!How about a tie, son? Eveybody knowsboy geniuses wear ties.You're stiflingmy creativity, Dad.- Sorry, boy.- Bart, this is a big day for you.Why don't you eat somethinga little more nutritious?Nonsense, Marge. Frosty Krusty Flakesare what got him where he is today.It could be one of these chemicals herethat makes him so smart.Lisa, maybe you shouldtry some of this.- Homer!- I'm just saying why not havetwo geniuses in the family?Sort of a spare in caseBart's brain blows up.I don't care what that stupidtest says, Bart. You're a dimwit.Maybe so,but from now on...this dimwitis on easy street.- No rush, Dad. Take the scenic route.- Gotcha.Oh, no. Ties.Don't worry, son.you can have mine.Here. Let me show youhow to put on a tie.The hook goes over the topand these things go in there.Thanks, Dad.you kissed me.There's nothing wrong with a fatherkissing his son. I think.Now go on, boy,and pay attention.Because if you do, one dayyou may achieve something...that we Simpsonshave dreamed about for generations.you may outsmart someone.You must be Bart Simpson.I'm Ms. Melon,your learning coordinator.Let me say right at the startthat we have one rule here:Make your own rules.If you feel sleepy,take a nap.If you get bored, feel freeto take out a book and start reading.- What should I read, ma'am?- Anything you want, Bart.Oh!A comic book?How did thisget mixed in here?We used it last week as a propin a film we made about illiteracy.Bart, these are the studentswho will share your work area.This is Ethan Foley.O Memsahib, Bart.Rabbi has memo.- What?- Ethan's very good with palindromes.you know, sentences spelledthe same backwards and forwards.And this is Sidney Swift.- Trabing norm doog.- What's your problem?Oh, don't mind Sidney.He's just speakingin backwards phonetics today.He said,"Good morning, Bart."- And this is Cecile Shapiro.- Hi, Bart.Cool hamsters.What are their names?Hamster Number One has been infectedwith a staphylococci virus.Hamster NumberTwois the control hamster.Hi, little control hamster.I wouldn't get too attached.We're dissecting him next week.Discover your desks, people.Now let's all welcomethe newest member...of our collective experience,Bart Simpson.And now we can continueour debate from yesterday.When we left off,Calvin and Tanya were arguing...that free willis an illusion.If you ask me,humankind has freedom...a freedom fraughtwith paradoxes.Freud shows how childhoodshapes our subconscious mind...but this helps usto think for ourselves.Very good, Ian.Does anyone elsehave an example of a paradox?Without law and order,man has no freedom.If you want peace,you must prepare for war.Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.Well, it seemsthe smartest child in the class...is also the quietest.Bart, what other paradoxesaffect our lives?Well... you'redamned if you do...and you're damnedif you don't.Well, I guess thatwould be a paradox too.Thank you, Bart.Whew!Tell you what, Bart. I'll trade youthe weight of a bowling ball...on the eighth moonof Jupiter from my lunch...for the weight of a feather on thesecond moon of Neptune from your lunch.- Well, okay.- There you go!I'll trade you1,000 picolitersof my milk for 4 gills of yours.- Well, all right.- Anything you say.Uh, Bart, would you wageryour cupcake against my--Save your breath.What do you thinkof the new kid?A rather mediocre genius.Yes, not vey bright at all.- So, how was it?- Os-os.- What?- That's backwards for so-so.- Wow.What are you reading there?Comic books?Uh, guess you don't wantto overheat the old noggin, eh?Tell you what.To celebrate your first dayof genius school...what do you say we go out for a roundoff rosty chocolate milkshakes?All righty!Bart, I feel so bad for goingso many years without...mmm, hmm--What's that word where youencourage something to grow?- Nurturing.- Nurturing your brilliant brain...so I got ticketsto the opera tonight.Hurry up. Get dressed.It starts at 8:00.Oh, Mom.Not tonight.Bart, your mother's only tying to help,so go ahead and enjoy the show.- Homer, you're going too.- But I'm not a genius.Why should I suffer?Hey, Lis, keep an eye outfor the guy with the peanuts.There's no guywith peanuts, dear.- Geez. No beer. No opera dogs.- Shh!Toreador, oh,don't spit on the floorPlease use the cuspidorThat's what it's for- Bart, stop fooling around.Homer, stop encouraging him.Don't stifle the boy, Marge.- We're supposed to encourage him.- Shush!Shh!- Who's the lard butt?-He's the bullfighter.No way a bull's gonna missa target that big, man.Who are those people?P.U.When is this over?It ain't overtill the fat lady sings.Is that one fat enoughfor you, son?Let's go get a burger.So,"Y" equals" R" cubed over three.And if you determine the rate of changein this curve correctly...I think you will bepleasantly surprised.Don't you get it, Bart?Derivative D-Y equals three R squared...D R over three, or R squared D R,or R D R R.Har-dee-har-har.Get it?Oh, yeah.Hi, guys.Great to see ya.- Get lost, Poindexter.- Yeah, beat it, Professor.Why don't you go builda rocket ship, brainiac?Well, come on, you two.Don't forget about the film festival.- The what?- Oh, sorry, Bart.Your mother bought us ticketsto a snooty movie...directed bysome Swedish meatball.Oh, no.Well, I guess we don'thave to do that.Um, look, Dad.I got something to tell you.Can it wait, son?It's getting kinda dark.All right, Homer.Come on, baby.- Right across the plate.Let me feel the wind.Whoa! Strike two!Two and two.Can you stillsee the ball, Bart?Don't worry, Home boy.You're not that fast.Oh, you don'tthink so, eh?Well, here comessome real heat.Whoa! Yeah, strike three!You're outta there!- So, what was it youwanted to tell me, son?- Oh, nothing, Pop.I'm still tryingto get you a labpartner, Bart.If we don't get any volunteers soon,I'll assign somebody.Say, what's that?It looks dangerous.Well, it's really prettytop secret, ma'am.All right, keep going.But you do know what happenswhen you mix acids and bases, right?- 'Course I do.- Sorry.Now, Bart, we want to emphasizethat nobody's angry about this.We're--We're just concerned.When a young man with a 216 IQcan't make a simple experiment work...well, it doesn't take a Bart Simpsonto figure out that something's wrong.Tell me. Is the classmoving too slowly for you?- Lord, no.- Well, then, what canwe do to make you happy?I wanna go backto my old class.Oh, but, Bart,don't you remember the boredom...the ennui,the intellectual malaise?Yeah, well, you know,kinda, um...but I was thinkingI could go undercover.Undercover?Bart, I'm intrigued. Go on.Well, I could pretendI'm a regular dumb kid.you know, to study them and allthe stuff they do with each other.you know, see whatmakes them tick.I see. Like Jane Goodalland the chimps.- Yeah.- Uh-huh. This is most impressive, Bart.you write up your proposalwhile I talk to Principal Skinner.- Proposal?- you know, outline your project...what you hope to achieve,what you'll require to do it.Gotcha, man."'My proposal' by Bart Simpson.I want to pretend...I am a regular dumb kid.Period.By this, I hope--"Oh, no." For this, I will--"Ohh." Require--"Ohh. Oh, man."'My Confession'by Bart Simpson.I am a regulardumb kid. Period.I cheated onmy intelligence test. Period."Ah, finished already?Principal Skinner will bevey interested to-- to--Oh. You know...you misspelled "confession."Hey, lookin' good, Bart.- Bart, what happened?- I had a little accidentin chemisty today.Well, I bet it's nothing a littleturpentine won't take off. Come on, son.Don't be discouraged, son.I bet Einstein turned himselfall sorts of colors...before he inventedthe lightbulb.Dad, I gotta tell you something.Hope you won't be too mad.- What is it, son?- I'm not a genius, Dad.- What?- I cheated on the intelligence test.I'm sorry. Butljust want to say...that the past few weekshave been great.Me and you havedone stuff together.You've helped me outwith things...and we're closerthan we've ever been.I love you, Dad.And I think if somethingcan bring us that close...it can't possibly be bad.- Why, you little--- Uh-oh.- What's going on out there?I think Bart'sstupid again, Mom.Oh, well.you can't stayin there forever!- I can ty.- March your butt right out here, now!- No way, man.- But-- Son, if you don't come out...I can't hug you and kiss youand make you feel all better.you think I'm dumb enoughto fall for that? I'm insulted.Shh!