Now class,I don't want this field trip......to be a repeatof our infamous visit......to the Springfield State Prison.So, I want you allto be on your best behavior,especially you, Bart Simpson.Mrs. Krabappel,I didn't unlock that door.Uh, sorry, little dudes.Party hardy was tardy.- All right, children. Count off.- One, two, three.- Hey, Otto. Hey, Ottoman.- Hey, Bart dude.Any new tattoos, Otto?Oh, funnyyou should ask, man.


This morning I woke upwith this one.Cool. I want one.Huh. Not till you're 14,my little friend.Bart! Bart Simpson!Take your seat, Bart.Oh, please, Mrs. Krabappel,not next to Wendell.He pukes on every bus ride.No offense, Wendell.Be that as it may,it's the only seat left,so get in there!Please try notto shake the seat like that.Now, class, remember.Do not stick any partof your body out the window.We all know the tragic storyof the young man......who stuck his arm outthe window and had it...


...ripped off by a big truckcoming in the other direction.And I was that boy.Bart Simpson, sit down!I've had just about enoughof your tomfoolery.Oh, I don't feel so hot.Look, there's our school again.Otto, are you sure you...It's a shortcut, Mrs. K.Trust me.Mrs. Krabappel!Mrs. Krabappel!Bart, not another word out of you,or I'll subject you to the......humiliation of making yousing in front of the class.- Can I pick the song?- No. The song will be...... "John Henrywas a steel drivin' man".Oh, no.We're gonna make you sing,Bart Simpson.Yeah, Bart Simpson,we're gonna make you sing.That's it, Bart.Why can't you be more like,- Us, Mrs. Krabappel?- Yes, Sherri and Terri.They know how to behave.They took Bart Simpsonto the graveyardAnd they buried himin the sandOh, yeah, and every locomotivethat comes rollin' bysays there liesa steel-drivin' man- Lord, Lord, oh, there lies a...- Okay, Bart. Enough!Hey, Wendell,you made it, buddy.And so, this plant harnessesthe power of the atom......so that we have the energyto run eveything from......your favorite video game toyummy cotton candy machines.Let's learn more aboutnuclear energy, shall we?Lights.When most peoplethink of nuclear energy,they think of this.But when we talk aboutnuclear energy,we really mean this.But what exactly isnuclear energy?I don't know,but I know someone who does.- Smilin' Joe Fission.- Hi, there, energy eaters.I'm Smilin'joe Fission,your atomic tour guide......to the strange and excitingworld of nuclear power.And these are rodsof uranium 235.- Hi, Rod.- Hi. Hey. Good to see ya.Hey, you guys look hot.Of course we're hot.We're radioactive.Uh-oh. Well, how 'bouta dip in the pool?Yeah! Last one in is therotten rod!The rods make the waterso hot it boils.And the steams pinsturbines that generate energy.Bart, sit down.Uh-oh. Whoops.Looks like there's a little leftovernuclear waste. No problem.I'll just put it where nobody'llfind it for a million years.So, now you know the wholetrue story of nuclear energy,our no longermisunderstood friend.So, keep on smilin'.Now, let's have even more fun.And, uh, over here isour thermal regulator.To your right,if you look through this window,you'll see where our water rejoinsthe rest of nature's biosphere.Hey, Bart, our dad saysyour dad is incompetent.What does incompetent mean?It means he spends more timeyakking and scarfing down......dounuts than doing his job.Oh, okay. I thoughtyou were putting him down.You know, I defy anyoneto tell the difference...between these dounutsand ones baked today.My boy's supposed to be hereany second on a field trip.They been through here yet?Come on, Simpson.If they wanted the kidsto see you sitting around......on your buttand stuffin' your face,they'd take themon a tour of your house.You're right.I gotta get where the action is.Comin' through!Hey, there's my dad.Hey, Dad! Yo, Homer!Woo! Woo! I'm up here!Oh, hi, boy!- All right.Who's responsible for this?I might have known it was you,Simpson.- But, sir, I...- I don't want to hear about it.You're fired!- Oh, hi, girls.- Hi, Daddy.Here's a good jobat the fireworks factory.- Those perfectionists? Forget it.- How 'bout this?Supervising technicianat the toxic waste dump.I'm no supervising technician.I'm a technical supervisor.I've never done anything worthwhile inmy life.I'm a big, worthless nothing.There, there, Homer.You'll find a job.You've caused plentyof industrial accidents,and you've alwaysbounced back.- Yeah, Dad, you can do it!- Yeah, go for it, Dad.You're right!I'm young, I'm able-bodiedand I'll take anything!Watch out, Springfield.Here I come.Don't give up, Dad.I'm just a technical supervisorwho cared too much.- Moe's Tavern.- Is Mr. Freely there?- Who?- Freely. First initials "I.P."Hold on. I'll check.Wait a minute.Listen to me, ya lousy bum.When I get a hold of you,you're dead.I swear I'm gonnaslice your heart in half.You'll get thatpunk someday, Moe.Ah, I don't know.He's tough to catch.He keeps changing his name.Oh, I thinkI'll have another... Oops.Oh, I'm a little low on funds.Do you think you cancover me just this once?No, sorry.W-Why not?I think after all these yearsI deserve an explanation.I don't think you're evergonna get another job......and be able to pay me back.- Oh.- Don't worry. We're still friends.I fall to pieces- Are you all right, Homer?- I'm fine. I'm just thinking.Well, I've been thinking too.You know, Homer, you've alwaysbeen such a good provider,but when we got married,Mr. Berger promised I could come backto my old job anytime I wanted.You think you canstill do that kind of work?Sure. You never forget.It's just like riding a bicycle.Hey, Mama,where's my fries already?Dad, eat something.It's got mustard on it.All he does is lie therelike an unemployed whale.I don't know what else to do.There's onlyone thing we can do:take advantage of the old guy.You gottasign my report card, Dad.Loaf time, the cable networkfor the unemployed.We'll be back with more tips on howto win the lottery right aftert his.Unemployed?Out of work? Sober?You sat around the house all day,but now it's Dufftime.Duff, the beer that makesthe days fly by.Can't get enoughof that wonderful DuffDuffbeerBeer.Now there's a temporay solution.There must besome beer here somewhere.Ah. Maybe in here.Damn! I need money!Oh, no.What have I done?I smashed open my little boy'spiggy bank, and for what?A few measly cents.Not even enoughto buy one beer.Wait a minute.Let me count and make sure.Not even close."Dear family,I am an utter failure,and you'll bebetter off without me.By the time you read this,I will be in my watery grave.I can only leave you withthe words my father gave me:'Stand tall, have courageand never give up.'I only hope I can providea better model......in death than I didin life.Warmest regards.Love, Homer J. Simpson.Love, Homer J. Simpson."Nothing is easy.Oh, looks like young Simpsonis going to kill himself.Well, maybe not.Maybe he's just takinghis boulder for a walk.- Mom! Mom! Wake up!- We've been robbed!What?Someone swipedmy piggy bank!Your father's gone too!Look what I found.Almost there.Hey, you idiot!Watch where you're going!Well, live and learn.- There he is!- Don't do it, Dad!Boy, this intersectionis dangerous.Someone ought to puta stop sign here.Oh, Homer.How could you thinkof killing yourself?We love you.- Yeah, Dad. We love you.- Yeah.Kill myself?Killing myself isthe last thing I'd ever do.Now I have a purpose,a reason to live.I don't care whoI have to face.I don't care whoI have to fight.I will not rest untilthis street gets a stop sign!Next on the agenda.Police Chief Wiggum...will give us an updateon our graffiti problem.Well, it's no secretour city is under siege...by a graffiti vandalknown as "El Barto".Police artists have acomposite sketch of the culprit.If anyone has any information,please contact us immediately.Cool, man.Tough customer.Ooh, wouldn't want to runinto him in a dark alley.And now, new business.Homer Simpson, local resident,has something. Mr. Simpson?Don't be nervous.We believe in you, Homer.Ladies and gentlemen,esteemed councilmen,boys and girls, retired peoplewith nothing better to do.Danger comes inmany, many forms,from dinosaurs that tormentedour caveman ancestors...- ...to the...- Simpson, get to the point.I think we should put a stop signat " D" Street and 12th.- The other...- All in favor?- Aye.- Approved. Meeting adjourned.Coffee and maple logsin the lobby.Wow. They listened to me.- All right, Dad!- Way to go, Homer.You did it, Homer.If they think I'm gonna stopat that stop sign,they're sadly mistaken.Oh, Homer,I am so proud of you.Proud? Proud of what?Well, everything.Your dip sign, for instance.Now peoplewon't be caught offguard......by that little "mm-mmm"in the road.Ah, what a great family,but come on.We all knowthis is small potatoes.There's a danger in this town that isbigger than all the dips put together.- What, Dad?- I'm talking about that.You don't mean you're goingto take on your old bosses.- Wow.- Gee, Dad's a hero.- What'd ya say, son?- Nothin'.That's okay.I'll just assume you saidwhat I thought I heard you say.He also brought youthe speed bump,the dip sign,the 15 miles per hourspeed limit on Main Street.I give you the manwhose very name......is synonymous with safety.- Homer Simpson!- Homer! Homer!Thank you.Unlike most of you,I am not a nut.Just a good, honest Americanwho opposes wrong doing......and especially carelessnesswherever they occur.Look at that man.He has the crowdin the palm of his hand.Ah, haven't seen anythinglike it since Jolson.Who is he?That's Homer Simpson, sir.He used to work herein the plant,but we fired himfor gross incompetence.Oh, so that's his little game.Get this Simpson characteruphere right now.But Mr. Burns...I said do it! Now do it!Do it! Do it!Our lives are at the handsof men no smarter than you or I,many of them,incompetent boobs.I know this becauseI worked alongside them,gone bowling with them,watched them pass me overfor promotions time and again.And I say, this stinks!Hey. Hey, Simpson, Burns wantsto talk to you privately.- Privately?- Yes.Stay here. I'll be right back.Ah, Homer Simpson,at last we meet.Same here.Simpson, I want you to rejoinour power plant family.- Sorry. No can do.- Hear me out, Simpson!I don't want you to come backas a technical supervisor......or supervising technicianor whatever the hell......you used to do.I want you to be in chargeof safety here at the plant.Safety? But, sir,if truth be known,I actually caused more accidentsaround here than any other employee.There were even a few dooziesno one ever found out about.The generous offer I'm makingis good for exactly...30 seconds, Simpson.Me, in charge of safety?This place could blow sky high.I'll concentrateon my work now.Gee, this guy's desksure is big.I can't let Marge supportthe family.This guy's got the cleanestshirt I've ever seen.- What should I...- Simpson, time's up.- What the hey. I'll take the job.- Excellent.Your first duty will beto step out on the balcony......and tell that crowdthis plant is safe.- What?- Go on, Homer.- Yeah, Homer!- Go, Dad!Ladies and gentlemen,this plant is...Oh, sit tight.I'll be right back.I can't do it, Mr. Burns.You mean, you're willing togive up a good job and a raise......just for your principles?When you put it that way,it does sound a little farfetched,but that's the lugyou're lookin' at!And I vow to continue spendingevery free minute I have......crusading for safety!Of course, I'd have a lot less of thosefree minutes if you gave me the job.You're not as stupidas you look or sound......or our best testing indicates.You've got the job.- Now get to work!- I'll get to work,but first I have to saygood-bye to some friends.Friends,you have come to depend on meas your safety watchdog......so you won't scrape yourselfor stub your toes......or blow yourselves up.But you can't depend on meall your life.You have to learn that there'sa little Homer Simpson in all of us,and I'm going to have to livewithout your respect and awe.