So, how was the officebirthday party?Oh, it was delightful.The frosting on the cakewas this thick.And Eugene Fisk--my poor sucker of an assistant--didn't know the fruit punchwas spiked...and he really madean ass of himself...putting the moves on the new girlin Valve Maintenance.Does this girl like him?I have to warn you, Marge,I think the poor young thinghas the hots for yours truly.Homer.


Just keeping youon your toes, babe.Two hundred and thirty nine pounds!Oh, I'm a blimp.Why are all the good thingsso tasty?From now on,exercise every morning.You're not a blimp,Homer.You're my bigcuddly teddy bear.Aw, baloney. Yeah, right.Aw, baloney. Yeah, right.Oh, give me a break.Wow, cool, man!Oh, no!Two hundredand thirty nine pounds?I'm a whale.Why was I cursed with this weaknessfor snack treats?


Well, from now on,exercise every morning, Homer.Oh. Don't strainyourself, dear.Good idea, Marge.By the way,this Friday night...I'm gonna be attending a littleget together with the boys at work.Eugene Fisk is marryingsome girl in Valve Maintenance.Homer, is thissome kind of stag party?No, no, Marge.It's gonna be very classy.A tea-and-crumpetskind of thing.Eugene Fisk.Isn't he your assistant?- No! My supervisor.- Didn't he used to be your assistant?- What is this, the Spanish Inquisition?- Sorry, Homer.- Uh-oh, it's the "fe-mailman."Female carrier, Bart.Lady, where's my spy camera?- "Where's my spy camera?"- Where's my spy camera?Where's my spy camera, lady?- Every day for the last six months--- Where's my spy camera?Where's my spy camera?Where's my spy camera?Here's yourstupid spy camera!Oh.Thanks, ma'am.Whoa, man.Look at the size of this thing.I wonderif it really works.'Cause I gota lot of spying to do.Bart!What are you doing?Sorry, Dad.The answer to that is top secret.- Oh, Bart.- What?Go take some wildlife picturesor something.Ew, gross.Mom, Bart was takinga picture of his butt.Oh, sure. Like I'm really gonnatake a picture of my butt.Stop it, you two.And put on some nice clothes.Since it's justthe four of us tonight,- we're having dinnerat The Rusty Barnacle.- Yea, fried shrimp!Aw, Mom. Can't we justgrab a burger at--Only four of us?Who escaped?Your father.He's having a boys' night out.Just as I was asking myself,"Where did my seven-year-oldboy get the money...for a Father's Day present?"I opened the box.And inside was littleEugene's baseball glove.He had given me the one thing...that mattered most to himin the whole world.Eugene, when I see you--the one thing that mattersmost to me in the whole world--married tomorrow,I'm going to knowjust how you felt that day.- I love you, Dad.- I love you, son.Where am I,the planet Cornball?Hey, don't worry. Things are gonna pickup once the entertainment gets here.- Ooh, entertainment.- Yes, sir.Ahoy! I spythe children's menu.- Ahoy, this place bites.- Bart.So, what's it gonna be,me little bucko?Hm, let's see.This eveningI shall go for the...- squid platter,- Ew.With extra tentacles, please.Oh, Bart. Excuse me, sir.The party next door seemsto be a little raucous.Could you please ask themto quiet down a little bit, please?Aye, aye.Eh, eh, eh, eh.Hey, try to keepit down, guys.- Okay?- Hey, shut up.Open the door and lie on the floorsaid Barnacle Bill the sailorHmm.Here you go.There you are.For the baby.And one squidplatter,extra tentacles.- Bart, quit fooling aroundand eat your dinner.- Yeah, eat it, Bart.Ugh. May I please be excusedfor a minute?Okay, but don't dawdle.Your food will get cold.Okay, Eugene.One last tasteof bachelor freedom.PresentingPrincess Kashmir,queen of the mysterious East.Now this iswhat I call a party.How do I tell you this, my boy?We're in hell.Look at him squirm.- You care to dance?- She wants you, Homer.Go for it, Homer!Shake his buns.I'm sorry.I don't usually laugh like this.Ai, caramba.Wow, man.Oh, this is the most funI've ever had in my life.The meeting of the Future Photographersof America is now in session.We would like to welcomeour new member, Bart Simpson.Whoa. People, people.Don't applaud. Let's get to work.My goodness.Quite exciting.- Extremely sensual.- The subtle gray tones recallthe work of Helmut Newton.Who's the sexy lady,Bart?Beats me. But the guy dancingwith her is my pop.- Wow!- He brings to mindthe later work of Diane Arbus.Bart, I'd really appreciatea print of your masterwork.- Me too.- Yeah, come on.Sorry, guys.No can do.Aw. Oh.Come on, Bart. You're gonna make mea print, aren't you?Will you swear not to let anotherliving soul get a copy of this photo?- Okay. Yep.- Cross your heart and hope to die?- Stick a needle in your eye?Jam a dagger in your thigh?- Yep. Yep.Eat a horse manure pie?- Yep.- Well, okay.- Pst. Look what I got.- Whoa. I gotta have a copy of that.- Sorry.- Aw, come on.Well, okay.Hey, Bart. How come Milhouse gets acopy of your girlie picture and I don't?- I thought I was your friend too.- Well, okay.Son, why are you wasting your timewith this sleazy trash?Sorry, Dad.Wait till I showthe guys at work this little doozy.Mike, this is Al.Just wanted to thank you for the"informative memo" you faxed me.Whoops. Here comes the boss.Gotta go.Reverend Lovejoy,your wife confiscated this...from one of the boys in the choir.Why this sheep has strayedfrom my own flock. His name's--Homer Simpson, sir,a low-level employee...- in sector 7-G.- Simpson, huh?- A family man?- Wife and three kids, sir.I'd like to see our self-styledValentino tomorrow morning, Smithers.What are we laughing at?One glazed andone Scratch-'N-Win, please.You look familiar, sir. Are youon the television or something?Sorry, buddy. You got me confusedwith Fred Flintstone.Oh. Liberty Bell.Another Liberty Bell!One more and I'm a millionaire.Come on, Liberty Bell,please, please, please.D'oh!That purple fruit thing.- Where were you yesterday?- Hey, hey. Looking good.- What do you want, pal?- Hey mister.Do, do, do, do, doDo dee do dee doWell, a "do dee do dee do"to you too, pint size.Jeez, you geta lot of nutcases in here.Oh, sir, I've seen thingsyou can't imagine.- Hey, hey, hey.- I hear you, buddy.Whew. Full moon.Hmm. Still got it.What is the meaning of this?Meaningless, Marge. Don't evenattempt to find meaning in it.There's nothing between meand Princess Kashmir.- Princess who?- Hey, my photo.- Your photo?- Uh-oh.- Why you little--- Why you big--- Bart, go to your room.- I'm out of here.- Look, Marge, honey, baby, doll, I--- Homer,I don't even wantto look at you right now.What are you saying, honey?- But where will I sleep?- My suggestion...is for you to sleepin the filth you created.Would a motel be okay?Oh, I knew you'dcome to your--Here. If you have any soul left,you'll need these.I know I will.What's the matter, Homer?Hottest ladies' night in months...- and you're not evenchecking out the action.- Oh, Moe.My wife gave me the old heave hobecause of some lousy picture.- What, this one?- D'oh!- So, uh, where are youstaying tonight, Homer?- Motel, I guess.Oh, no.No pal of mine is gonna stay...in some dingy flophouse.Ah.If you get hungryin the middle of the night,there's an open beerin the fridge.Look, Barney.See the row of tiny lights up there?The middle oneis my house.Someone must have leftthe porch light on.Hey that's rough,pal.Hello, Marge.- You left your damn porch light on.- Barney!- You left your damn porch light on.- Barney!Homer's notmade of money, you know.- Who is this?- Don't listen to him, Marge. He's--- Oh, it's you.- Oh.Homer, you're overwrought.Why don't youunwind a bit?Party down the hall.You know, thisapartment complex caters...to upscale young singles like me.No, Barn. I just wantto crawl into bed.Suit yourself, Homer.Nighty-night.I wonder whenDad's coming home.Homer Simpson.Homer Simpson.Report at once to Mr. Burns' office.Oh, no.What in blue blazesdo you think you're doing, Simpson?- What do you mean, sir?- I mean this.A plant employee carrying on...like an oversexedorangutan in heat.This is a familynuclear powerplant, Simpson.Our research indicatesthat over 50 percent of our power...is used by women.I will not have you offending mycustomers with your bawdy shenanigans.It won't happen again, sir.I promise.- May I get out of your sight now?- Just a second, Simpson.Smithers, would you leavethe room for a minute?Yes, sir.Simpson,I am by most measuresa successful man.I have wealth and powerbeyond the dreams of youand your clock-punching ilk.And yet, I've leda solitay life.The fair sexremains a mystery to me.You seem to havea way with women, a certain--how shall I put it--animal magnetism.Help me, Simpson.Tell me your secret.Uh, Mr. Burns, in spiteof what everybody thinks,I'm no lover boy.Simpson,I'm asking you nicely.- I don't really know, sir.- Simpson!Well, I wine them,I...dine them,bring them flowers,write them love poetry, sir.Of course.It's simplicity itself.I won't forget this,Simpson.Now return to your work and tellno one of what transpired here.- Anybody home?- Hi, Daddy.Welcome back, Dad.- How's your mom?- Still kind of ticked off.Yeah.Good luck, man.Oh, thanks, boy.Hello, Marge.It's me, Homer.Are you still mad?You are still mad.Don't need to say it.I'm your loving husband.I can read you like a book.I'll just havesome milk.Look, I'm not drinkingout of the carton.Look, I'm not drinkingout of the carton.Come on, Marge! Please forgive me.I'm sorry.I'm so sorry.Homer, you don't even knowwhy you're apologizing.Yes, I do.Because I'm hungry,my clothes are smelly,and I'm tired.I've beenthinking, Homer,and you know what bothers methe most about this whole thing?You taught Barta very bad lesson.Your boy idolizes you.- Oh, he does not.- Yes, he does, Homer.And when he sees youtreating women as objects,he's going to thinkthat it's okay.You owe your sonbetter than that, Homer.So what should I do, Marge?Well, I think youshould take Bart...to meet this exoticbelly-person.I want him to seethat she's a real human being...with real thoughtsand real feelings.I want Bart to see you apologizefor the way you treated her.Okay. Your wish is my command,my little--Do it!Princess Kashmir?You must mean April Flower.She's workingover at the Girlesque.See, I'm tying to teach my son hereabout treating women as objects.Oh, that's a good idea.Uh, but April's overat Foxy Boxing tonight.Just let me saythat it is an honor...to have Springfield's number-oneswinger here with us to--Forget that.I'm teaching my boy a lesson.Is she here or not?Uh, try Mud City.We're gonna try one more place,the Sapphire Lounge.Bart! I said lookat the floor....he really loves me--There she is. Hey, Princess, it's me,the guy from the snapshot.Oh. Oh, hi.Places, ladies, places.Can I get just a littlecooperation? It's show time.I'm here because I want to apologizefor treating you like an object.- Uh-huh.- I also want my boy...to find out that you're morethan just a belly.I want him to meet the woman behindall the spangles and glitter...and find out that she hasthoughts and feelings too.- Oh, well, okay.But can we make it quick?- Nice to meet you, ma'am.Could you tell hima little about yourself?- Well, uh, my real nameis Shawna Tifton.- Uh-huh.- My pet peeve is rude people.- Uh-huh.- And my turn-ons include silk sheets...- Uh-huh.- and a warm fireplace.- Thank you very much, ma'am.We'll be on our--- I've heard them say so oftenThey can lovetheir wives oohBut I thinkthat's just foolishMen must have heartsMade of stoneNow my heart is made- Cool, man.- Of softer stuffGet out of my cage.- My boss will freak out.- Oh, no.- A pretty girl can'tlook my way without-Don't. Don't!- Don't. No.- Get out. Get out of here.Get your hands off.A new romanceOh I could lovea million girlsAnd every girl a twinI could love a Chinese girlan Eskimo or--Get off of my stage,fat boy.Hey, it's the guy from the picture.- Homer Simpson!- Sorry, partner.I didn't recognize youat first.Ladies and gentlemen,it's an honor...to have a real swinging catwith us tonight.Homer Simpson,party guy.Mr. Maestro.Oh I could lovea million girlsAnd every girl a twinYeah I could lovea Chinese girlAn Eskimo or FinnI could dig a Deutschland chicka girl with golden curlsIn fact I thinkthat we could loveAbout a million girlsHeh. Hey.Ooh. Look out.Yeah.- How does he do it, Smithers?- He's a love machine, sir.Da, da, daWay to go, Dad.Uh-oh.Wait a minute.Wait a minute.Stop the music.Quiet, please.I have something to say. Quiet.You with the hair,down in front.Oh, no.He's sunk even lower.I have something to sayto all the sons out there.To all the boys, to all the men,to all of us.It's about women,and how they are not mere objectswith curves that make us crazy.No, they are our wives,they are our daughters,our sisters,our grandmas, our aunts,our nieces and nephews.Well, not our nephews.They are our mothers.And you know something, folks?As ridiculous as this sounds,I would rather feel the sweet breathof my beautiful wife...on the back of my neckas I sleep...than to stuff dollar billsinto some stranger's G-string.Am I wrong?Or am I right?My wife gets the cutest little thing,right here, when she smiles.- This is my Suzie.- Oh, she's so cute.Here's mine.You know, my mom soundeda little down the other day.I'd bettergive her a call.- Homer.- Marge.All right, folks. Show's over.No more to see, folks.Come on. Only sick peoplewant to see my folks kiss.