Hey, kids!Who do you love?- Krusty!- How much do you love me?With all our hearts!What would you doif I went off the air?We'd kill ourselves!What's that, Sideshow Bob?This is Brittany and today'sher birthday?Well, happy birthday, Brittany!How do you want to celebrate? Do youwant me to sing you a birthday song?Or do you want me to shoot Sideshow Bobout of a cannon?


The cannon. The cannon.- The cannon. The cannon.- The cannon.Sorry, Sideshow Bob,but it's her special birthday wish!You're doomed, Sideshow Bob.I know we haven't had much luckshooting you out of this cannon,but maybe that's becausewe haven't used enough...gunpowder!Brittany, do the honors.Don't blame me.I didn't do it.Comedy, thy name is Krusty.Hey, kids, it's timefor Itchy and Scratchy!They fight, they biteThey bite and fight and bite


Fight, fight, fightBite, bite, biteThe Itchy and Scratchy ShowOh, my!All this senseless violence.- I don't understand its appeal.- We don't expect you to, Mom.If cartoons were meant for adults,they'd put them on in prime time.Y'ello.Hello, Homie.I was hoping you could pick up...a half-gallon of premium ice creamon your way home from work.Ooh, premium--Wait a minute. Why?Patty and Selma are coming overto show us slides from their tripto the Yucatan.Doh!- Anybody home?- Ooh, I've got to go, Homer.My sisters are here.Oh, eight carousels!We're in for a real treat.Hello, steady customer.How are you this evening, sir?How ya doin', Apu?Mmm, chocolate.Ooh, double chocolate.New flavor-- triple chocolate!Perhaps a little somethingfor the trip back to the cash register.What's the matter, sir?Never have I seen you lookso unhappy while purchasingsuch a large quantity of ice cream.The reason I look unhappyis that tonight...I have to see a slideshowstarring my wife's sisters.Or as I call 'em, the Gruesome Twosome.- Ow, my foot,you lousy, stupid, clumsy--- Sorry, pal.Hand over all your moneyin a paper bag.Yes, yes. I know the procedurefor armed robbery.I do work in a convenience store,you know.You can emerge now from my chips.The opportunity to proveyourself a hero is long gone.- This is our tour group.- Mm-hmm.- This is a Mexican delicacycalled a taco platter.- Mmm, delicious.- This is Selma taking a siesta.- "Ay, carumba!"And he had a big nose.No, bigger. And big red hairthat came out to--- Yeah, yeah, like that!- Well, it is a simple,charcoal rendering, but, uh,- is this the man?- Yeah! wait a minute.It's the guy from TV!My kid's hero, Cruddy, Crummy--Krusty the Clown!Ahh.Hey, hey, what's goin' on here?Krusty the Clown,you're under arrest for armed robbery.You have the right to remain silent.Anything you say--- Blah, blah, blah,blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.- What is this, a joke?- Ready, Mr. Simpson?- Yes, sir.Send in the clowns.So, Simpson,which one is it?Well, if the crime is making me laugh,they're all guilty!- No, no! Which one is the robber?- Oh, definitely number...Simpson.- Simpson!- Four.And this is all the mailthat awaited us upon our return.And this is Selma...dropping of four vacation filmto be developed.Thus concludesour Mexican odyssey.Hmm. Very thorough.I'm home, everybody!-Oh, goody gumdrops.-You missed the whole slide show, Homer.Oh, fantastic. Marge, you're nevergonna believe what happened.I was down at the Kwik-E-Martminding my own business when--Ooh, ooh, ooh, the news!Springfield's number one news team...with our Emmy Award-winninganchorman Kent Brockman,Good evening, I'm Scott Christian.Kent Brockman is off tonight.Why did the clown cross the road?To rob a Kwik-E-Mart.The news story behindthat enigmatic half-jokeright after this commercial message.Wait a minute. Bart, you knowthat guy on your lunch box?Oh, you mean,Krusty the Clown?- He's sort of a hero of yours,isn't he?- Are you kidding?He's my idol. I've basedmy whole life on Krusty's teachings.- Uh, maybe you'd better run off to bed.- Krusty the Clown is behind bars...after a daring twilightrobbery of a local Kwik-E-Mart.- Krusty!- Oh, no!Earlier this evening,the Springfield SWAT team...apprehended the TV clown,who appears on a rival station...opposite our ownEmmy Award-winning Hobo Hank.And just in,actual footage of the crime...taken with the Kwik-E-Martsecurity camera.The reason I look unhappyis that tonight I have to see...a slide show starringmy wife's sisters.Or as I call 'em, the Gruesome Twosome.- Oh, Homer.- So, the truth comes out.- Hand over all your moneyin a paper bag.- Oh, Krusty, how could you?I know it looks very bad, honey.Who knows,maybe it'll turn outhe was innocent all along.Earth to Marge.Earth to Marge.I was there.The clown is G-I-L-L-T-Y.- You're my best friend.- Thanks, Krusty.Buy my cereal.Buy my cereal.I didn't do it!Oh, I wishI could believe you.Good evening, again, Springfield.Krusty the Clown,the beloved idolof countless tots,now nothing more thana common, alleged criminal.His trial, which begins tomorrow,has taken center ringin a national media circus...as children of all agesfrom eight to 80...hang on each new developmentlike so many Romanian trapeze artists.From his humble beginningsas a street mime in Tupelo, Mississippi,Krusty clowned his wayto the top of a personal mini-empire...with dozens of endorsements,including his own line of pork products.This may have led to oneof television's best-loved bloopers--Krusty's near-fatal,on-the-air heart attack in 1986.Wasn't that a great Itchyand Scratchy cartoon, kids?Well, we've gotanother one coming right up.But first, I've got a hankerin'...for some pork products.Mmm. Look.Plump succulent sausage, honey-smokedbacon and glistening, sizzling--I'm dying. I'm dying.But a quick triple bypass anda pacemaker later, Krusty bounced back.However,he was a changed clown.Where his show had been condemnedby parents and educators alike...as simpleminded TV mayhem,this new Krusty devoteda small portion of every show...to stamping out illiteracyin today's anything-for-a-thrill youth.Give a hoot.Read a book.Krusty's arrest has sentshockwaves through Springfield,packing its churches,synagogues and mosqueswith disillusioned citizenyfrom all walks of life.I urge every halfwaydecent member of our community...to gather up all merchandisethat bears the likeness of Krusty,that clown princeof corruption,and join mein a public burning!So, is Krusty the Clown aboutto trade in his baggy pants...for the relatively snug uniformof Springfield Penitentiary?We'll find out tomorrowwhen his trial begins.- Uh, what kind of gun did you use?- Did you use an accomplice?Will you plead insanity?Look at him.His clothes are so drab.His faceis so flesh-colored and sad.And his feet,they're so small.Say it ain't so, Krusty.My client has no comment at this time.I didn't do it.- Krusty the Clown, how do you plead?- I plead guilty, Your Honor.Oh.I mean, not guilty.Opening night jitters, Your Honor.I would like to call to the stand,Homer J.Simpson.Don't do it, Dad.Please don't do it.Sorry, son.You'll understand one day.He's innocent, I tell you. Krustywould never do something like that.Oh, come on, Dad.You got to listen to me.Sorry, pal.Doh!Mr. Simpson, was that youtaking that cowardly dive...into that display ofheavily-salted snack treats?- Yes, sir.- Do you recognize the gunmanin this courtroom today?- Yes, I do.- Fine. Would you point him out to us?Okay.Aaah!- Oh, man.- Let the record show thatthe witness... eventually...pointed to...Krusty the Clown.These toys are just adorable.Who'd have guessed they were inspiredby an insane criminal genius?But, Dad, you're giving into mob mentality.No, I'm not!I'm hopping on the bandwagon.Now, come on, son.Get with the winning team.Hey, right here! Krusty souvenirs!Buy 'em and burn 'em!Good people,I'm so happyyou're all here tonight.But please,just a few words of caution.Now, we are going to setthis pile of evil ablaze,but because these are children's toys,the fire will spread quickly.So, please stand back,and try not to inhale the toxic fumes.Ooh!Krusty, would you please turnyour attention to Exhibit B.- Uh--- Tell me what you see.Uh, uh--Which one do you mean?The one withthe big "B" on it.- Uh, uh, uh--- What's the matter? Can't you read?No, I can't! I can't read or write!I admit it!I'm totally illiterate.Now are you happy?Can it be that the champion ofchild literacy can't even read himself?Is it a crimeto be illiterate?All right, all right.See this, Krusty? This is a B.And this is Exhibit B.Betting slips-- obtained by this courtindicating you have lost...substantial sums of moneyon sports gambling.Is it a crime to beton sporting events?- Yes, it is!- Oh.- Foreperson,have you reached a verdict?- Yes, we have, Your Honor.We find the defendant,Krusty the Clown...guilty.I knew it!This happens to me every time.My young friends,for years I have been silent...save for the crude glissandosof this primitive wind instrument.But now, destiny has thrust meinto the center ring.In the coming weeks,you will notice some rathersweeping changes in our program.Please do not be alarmed.Itchy and Scratchywill still have a home here.But we will also learn about nutrition,self-esteem, etiquette...- And all the lively arts.- What the hell are you doing, Lis?I'm watching Sideshow Bob. He's a lotless patronizing than Krusty used to be.- You backstabber, you traitor, you--- Snap out of it, Bart!Face the facts.All those hours we spent staringat Krusty, we were staring at a crook.Look, Lisa.I know Krusty's innocent.Don't ask me why.It's just a feeling I have.- Oh, Bart.- Come on, Lisa.I think I can prove Krusty's innocent,but I need your help.- You do? Why?- Oh, come on, Lis. You know why.- No, why?- I'll never forgive youfor making me say this.You're smarter than me.- So, you with me?- Yeah, man.Oh, oh. Okay, okay.Don't try anything funny.I'm armed to the teeth.Bart, look,over here on the microwave.So, I don'thave a pacemaker.Come on, Bart. The tape showedthat the robber heated up a burrito.- So?- Don't you rememberthe get-well card we sent to Krusty?It was after his heart attack...- when he had a pacemaker put in.- Aha!Wait a minute.Krusty can't read.Okay! Okay!So the poor guy can't read.Can't we get off his back, already?No! Don't you get it, Bart?How could Krusty have been readinga magazine if he can't read?Hey, hey.This is not a lending library!If you're not going tobuy that thing put it down,or I'll blow your heads off!Bart, I'm starting to thinkyou're right. Krusty was framed!- Did he have any enemies?- I don't know.But I know someone who would--Krusty's best friendin the whole world, Sideshow Bob!"A volley of musketyflamed, thundered, roared."A profound silence followed,broken onlyby the approaching footsteps..."- of the Third Brigade."Next week, chapter 35 of The Man inthe Iron Mask: "The Death of a Titan."Well, kids,that's our show for today.And now, in the wordsof Mr. Cole Porter.Evey time we say good-byeI die a littleEvey time we say good-byeI wonder why a littleEvey time we sayGood-byeGood-bye.Great show, Sideshow. Switchboardswere jammed. The kids loved it.Thanks, Ed. I glad we'vefinally dispelled the myth...that I'm too uptownfor the tots.And yet, I can't help thinkingabout poor Krusty.- We see your face on key chains.- And water-action pens.- And snow domes.- This is all very exciting,but I think we'd do well to explorethe more upscale market.For instance,Sideshow Bob limited-edition prints,collector's plates,- commemorative coins.- Ah.Some kids are here to see you,Sideshow Bob. They say it's important.Ah, well, we can signthese contracts tomorrow.Certainly. I take great pridein being able to sign my own name.That's a good one.I gotta tell the wife.- Hi, Sideshow Bob.- Sideshow Bob, can we ask you a few--Forgive me.As much as Sideshow Bob would loveto chat, he has a show starting.Here you go-- three tickets.Be my guests.- Uh, okay. But--- Come, come. Let's run along.Hello, children.- Whom do you love?- Sideshow Bob!Come on, Bart.Go with the flow.- How much do you love me?- With all our hearts!About a zillionthas much as I love Krusty.Today's show promises to be a marvelouscelebration of the human spirit.But first, I regret to sayI see a youngster who looks troubled.- What's your name, young man?- Bart Simpson, sir.Hmm. Well, perhaps we canshed some light...on your problem in a new segmentexploring preadolescent turmoil.- I call it "Choices."- I don't think so, sir.Bart, I'm reaching out to you.So, what's on your mind, Bart?- I bet the other childrendon't accept you.- True, Sideshow Bob.But that doesn't bother me.You see, my sisters and I...have been doinga little investigating,and it looks to uslike Krusty was framed.- Framed?- Well, the videotape showed...that the thief used the microwave ovenat the Kwik-E-Mart.But Krusty couldn't go near the thing,not with his pacemaker.Well, you know, Bart.As much as I love Krusty,he was never one to takedoctor's orders too seriously.Well, maybe, but get this.Krusty was illiterate,and the guy who robbed the store...was readingthe Springfield Review of Books.Ah, well, Bart.The fact is, you don't haveto be able to read to enjoythe Springfield Review of Books.Just look at these amusing caricaturesof Gore Vidal and Susan Sontag.Yeah, I guess those are kind of funny.Bart, children, this whole sordid affairhas been a shock to all of us.But we must get onwith our lives.Let's try to remember Krusty,not as a hardened criminal,but as that lovable jesterwho honked his horn andputtered around in his little car.- And shot you out of a cannon.- And shot me out of a cannon.Yes, we will neverforget that, will we?Bart, open you heart. I admitI have some mighty big shoes to fill.Big shoes to fill. Big shoes to fill.Big shoes to fill. Big shoes to fill.Big shoes to fill.Big shoes to fill.Big shoes to fill--In ancient Greece, there wasa school of thought called stoicism.Wait a minute! You did it!- Excuse me?- Attention, fellow children!Krusty didn't rob that store! SideshowBob framed him, and I got proof!Ow! My foot!You lousy, stupid, clumsy--- See that? Krusty worebig floppy shoes,but he's got little feetlike all good-hearted people!Sideshow Bob really fillshis shoes with big ugly feet.- Kid's right.- How do you figure we missed that?Get off your duffs, boys.Get down to that studio!Yes, I admit it.I hated him!His hackneyed shenanigansrobbed me of my dignity for years.I played the buffoon while he squandereda fortune on his vulgar appetites.That's why I framed Krusty!And I would have gotten away with it tooif it weren't for these meddling kids.- Take him away, boys.- Treat kids as equals!They're people too!They're smarter than you think.They were smart enoughto catch me!Well, we... made...a terrible, terrible mistake.Uh, it won't happen again.- It better not, you dimwit!- Krusty,I'm man enough to admit I was wrong,and I'm sorry I fingered you in court.I sincerely hope thatthe horrible stories I heard...about what goes onin prison are exaggerated.Well, the important thing is thatI regain the trust of the children.But there was one boywho trusted me all along. Bart?- Yes, sir?- Thank you.Shh.