Whoops.Whoops.Whoops.This is gonna be the bestbirthday breakfast Mom ever had.Hey, Lis.You think that's enough for her?- Maybe one more.- I hope she likesthe presents we got her.- She'll like mine.Who wouldn't like a bottleof real French perfumeall the way from gay Paree?Four bucks, plus tax.I think she's going to likemy handmade birthday card better.Oh, big deal. Dry macaroni,spray paint and glue. Whoopie.Dibs. First dibs.I get to lick the beaters.


Ow! Ow! Ow! Litha, my "ongue"is "uck" in the "eaters." My "ongue"!Happy birthday!Huh? What?- Here's your birthday breakfast.- Oh!- Isn't this nice?- My birthday? It's my birthday?- No!What did I get?I love birthdays.- No, Homer, it's mine.- You don't even knowyour own wife's birthday?Well, of course I know.Sure.You really thoughtI forgot, didn't you?- Oh, right. What did you get her, Dad?- What did you get?Uh, well,a vey thoughtful gift.But it's a surprise.You know, it's sucha beautiful morning,


I think I'll take a little strollaround the block.- I think he forgot, Mom.- Mm-hmm.Oh, no. Come on.Come on. Open up!Good morning, consumers.The Springfield Mall is now openfor your spending needs.Hmm? Uh... no.Too salty.Um... nah.Hmm? Nah, too corny.Too exciting.Patty, he's outbuying me something right now.Oh, Marge.He never gets anything you want.He always gets something for himself.- The tackle box.- Remember when he got youthe tackle box?- And Connie Chung.- And when he surprised youwith the Connie Chung calendar?I'm sure he doesn'tdo it deliberately.Hmm. Hmm!Well, Homer and I had a lovelydining experience at Chez Pierre.Or the Rusty Barnacleis nice.No, no, no.We wanna take you someplace fun--The Singing Sirloin.The place where the waiters sing.- Homer?- Be right there.Homer, we're having dinner tonightat The Singing Sirloin.That sounds delightful.Just you and me and the balladeers.- And the kids.- Fair enough.- And my sisters.- Doh!How we dancedon the night we were wedHavin' my babyWhat a lovely way to sayhow much you love meNearer my God to thee- Nearer to theeOh, perfume!Whoa! Hmm.Thank you, Bart.- You're welcome, Mom.- 34 years old.Time enough to start overwith a new man.- Someone who eatswith his mouth shut.- What's that, Patty?Nothing.Finish your steak.- Look at him wolfdownthat gristle.- Mm-hmm.It's an accident waiting to happen.Do you knowthe Heimlich Maneuver?- No.- Good.I think she likesmy present better.- Does not. Does not. Does not.- Does too. Does too.Then how come she's notputting on any of your perfume?Yeah.Hey, Mom.How come you're not putting onany of my perfume?Mm.Well, I'm saving itfor a special occasion.What the hell are you talking about?There's gallons of it!- Bart!- But this occasionis already so special.If we made itany more special,we might end upmaking it less special.- Gotcha. Told ya she liked mine better.- Oh, brother!Hold on.Hold on now.Your mother hasn't openedmy present yet.Happy birthday to youHappy birthday to youHappy 34th birthday,Mrs. Homer SimpsonHappy birthday to youOh. Don't worry.This frosting will come right off.Beauty, isn't she?It's hard for me to judgesince I've never bowled in my life!Well, if you don't want it,I know someone who does.You always say we should talk.I'm talking right now,as a matter of fact.But I'm going to stopin a second,so please, say something back,Marge, please?I'm gonna stop talking...now.You bought that bowling ballfor you, not for me.- What? No.- The holes were drilledfor your fingers.I wanted to surprise you.I couldn't very well chop your hand offand bring it to the store.You never intended for meto use that ball.If that's how you feel,I'll take it back.You can't take it back.You had your name engraved on it!- So you'd know it was from me!- Homer,I'm keeping the ball...for myself!What? But you don'tknow how to bowl. Oops.I'm keeping it,and I'm going to use it.Thank youfor the present, Homer.Well... you're...welcome.Excuse me.Where do I throw this?- Over there.- Thank you.- You're gonna need a lane.- No, thanks.- I'm here out of spite.- Can't bowl without a lane.- Well, all right.- Here you go. You keep score on this.- What size shoes do you wear?- Never you mind.You can't wearstreet shoes on the lanes.You gotta wear bowling shoes.What size, please?- 13 double "A."- 13 double "A "?This is the closest I've got.A nine and a fifteen.Thank you.Hmm.A little warm and moist.Ugh!Hmm.Hmm.So, 120 pins later,I am the better man.I don't see what he's doingthat's so different from what I'm doing.Hmm.Oh!I'm--I'm awfully sorry.Entirely my fault.It is niceto meet you,Homer.Oh, no, no.Homer's my... ball's name.- I'm Marge.Your fingers are so slender,so feminine.They're far too taperedfor the ball you're using.You need something lighter.More delicate.Here.Use my ball.No. No, thank you,Mr., um, Brunswick.- Call me Jacques.-Jacques.- Marge.- I'll just use my ball.As you wish.Many people have senselessattachments to heavy, clumsy things,such as this Homerof yours.- Hmm.- May I ask you a bold question?- Sure.- You've never bowled before.- Never. No.- No.Then I will teach you.- I don't wanna trouble you.- Not at all. I am a professional.Roll the ball for me, Marge.Let me see your form.All right. But I'm not vey good.I can hit that one pin all right,but the rest of them don't even wobble.I can help you, Marge.Pick up the ball.Pick up Homer.Pick him up.Oh!- Now throw. Throw, damn you.- But--You're a very good teacher.Yes, I am a very good teacher,and I can teach you everything.I can tell you what the little arrowson the wood floor mean,which frameis the beer frame.I bet you don't know how to makea five-seven-ten split.- Do you, Marge?- No.But first of all, you yell,"The eight-pin is a cop."- Let it out, Marge. Laugh loud.Laugh out loud.You'll lose weight.- Oh, that's very funny.- Feels good.I didn't realize there wasso much to this game.What do you chargefor lessons?- Twenty-five dollars.- Twenty-five dollars!It's a $40 value.Well, all right.When do we start?We have already begun.Now this is living,hey, kids?Hot pizza--the food of kings.Don't be scared, Dad.It's not so hard takin' care of us.Lisa, I'm not scared.I think it's a great chanceto spend some time with you kids.Your mother always gets to be alonewith you, and now it's my turn.Does the timealways drag like this?First, you must getto know your lane.Feel the slickness.Feel the satiny finish.Caress it.Experience it.- Quite smooth, isn't it, Marge?- Ooh, very smooth.- Smooth? Yes?- Yes, vey. Yes.- Yes. Smooth? Yes.- Smooth. Yes.You could eat off of it.You hungry?- Yes.- Four onion rings!Mmm. Delicioso!- My compliments to the delivey boy.- We've eaten and eaten well.What else do we have to do?Let's check the list your mom left us.Eat. Mm-hmm.Oh, clean up.Don't worry, everybody. This will bea breeze if we all pitch in.All right!We're clean!Now we'll...put Maggie to bed.Lullabyand good nightGo to bedand sleep tightClose your eyesStart to yawnPleasant dreamsuntil the dawn- Homer. Homer?- Huh?Oh, how was bowling?It's a verychallenging hobby.Sport, dear.It's a sport, you silly thing.Mm-hmm. Butl think I'll domuch better tomorrow night.You're going back?Sure. If you don't mindtaking care of the kids again.Uh, no.I don't mind.Good night, Homer.Good night.- It is for you.- Oh, Jacques, it fits.You got it in my size,and it has my name on it.It's really for me.Seventeen-fifty.Enjoy it, my darling.Here we are.- You didn't have to drop me off.- But I wanted to.Marge, do you know how beautifulyou look in the moonlight?Oh, Jacques.I'm a married woman.I know. I know.My mind says,"Stop,"but my heart...and my hipscy," Proceed."- Marge, darling,I want to see you tomorrow.Not at Barney's Bowlarama. Away fromthe thunderous folly of clattering pins.- Meet me tomorrow for brunch.- What's brunch?You'll love it. It's not quitebreakfast, it's not quite lunch,but it comes with a slice ofcantaloupee at the end.You don't get completely what you wouldat breakfast, but you get a good meal.- I don't think so.- Marge, darling,there are ten pinsin my heart.You've knocked over eight.Won't you pleasepick up that spare?Mm. Mm.All right!- Marge?- What, Homer?Nothing.-Uh-oh. Schoolbus.Here you go, kids.Special lunches.Lots of good thingsfor growing bodies...and some treatsjust for fun.- Ay, caramba!- Are you going bowlingagain tonight, Mom?Well, yes, I am,as a matter of fact.Here's more treats.Your dad will take care of dinner.Mmm, Wednesday.Hoagie night.Good-bye, Lisa.My darling little Lisa.Good-bye, Bart.My special little guy.Mmm!Great lunches, eh, Lis?Oh, Bart, don't you see? This is whatpsychologists call overcompensation.Mom is wracked with guiltbecause her marriage is failing.Hey, don'trock the boat, man.Whatever it is,we're making out like bandits.Bart, I read aboutwhat happens to kids...whose parents no longer loveand cherish each other.They go througheight separate stages.Right now,I'm in stage three, fear.You're in stage two,denial.- No, I'm not.- Yes, you are.- No, I'm not.- Yes, you are.- I'm not. I'm not. Am not!- I stand corrected.- Mimosa?- I'm a married women.Don't call me that.No, no, no, no, no.Mimosa is the nameof the drink.It's orangejuiceand champagne.You're so wonderful that you thoughtit was something offensive.Oh, well, thank you.Marge? Marge Simpson.You remember me, don't you?I'm Helen Lovejoy,- the gossipy wife of the minister.- Hello, Helen.I had just finished eatingand was about to leave...when I looked over this wayand said to myself,"Isn't that Marge Simpson having brunchwith a man who isn't her husband?"And I just had to come overand say hello.- We're, um--- Oh, don't squirm on my account.I am giving hera bowling lesson, thank you.Now, Marge, the pins on thethree-seven-ten split would be here.We'll make this little pieceof food the ball.The ball's bigger.But for food, this is a good ball.Oh, well, bye-bye.- See you in church on Sunday, Marge.- Good-bye, Helen.Good-bye, Helen.You havea lovely friend there.- Let's hope something runs over her.Your laughteris like music to me.But if you laughat what I say next, I will die,for I am about to saysomething very serious,perhaps shocking.Marge, my darling, I want youto meet with me again,- That doesn't shock me.- away from pying eyes,away from the Helensof the world,at my apartment--the Fiesta Terrace.I've been waiting for you.Come in, my captivating one.May I have this dance?Sure.Whoa!You certainly have a lotof bowling trophies.I like you so much.They're not for bowling,Marge.You're so naive.They are for lovemaking.- Really?- Yes.Oh!- Champagne?- Please.There, my darling.- Thank you.What cosmic forcebrought us together, Marge?- Destiny?- Yes.Some divine pinspotter...must have placed usside by side.Like two fragilebowling pins--Standing bravely--- Until inevitably--- We must topple.Marge, speak to me.- Is Thursday okay?- It's okay, indeed." For Marge"?Hey, Dad. What do you saywe toss the ol' apple around?Son, I don't know ifl can liftmy head, let alone a ball.Aw, come on, Dad.Get the lead out.Simpson checks the runner on first.He's cool. He's fine.Here's the windup,and here's the pitch.Dad, you didn'teven say "ouch."Oh, sorry.Ouch.Lisa. Lisa, I thinkyou're right about Dad.- Something's very, very wrong here.- Frightened, Bart?Welcome to stage three,fear.We gotta do something, man.Sorry, Bart.I'd love to help you,but I'm miredin stage five, self-pity.Look, Dad. I don't knowwhat's going on,but once you gave mesome advice that might help.I gave you advice?Get out of here.Yeah, you did. You told mewhen something's bothering you...and you're too damn stupidto know what to do,just keepyour fool mouth shut.At least that way,you won't make things worse.Hmm. Good advice.Marge,may I speak to you?- Sure.- You know, I've been thinking.Eveyone makes peanut butterand jelly sandwiches,but usually the jellydrips out over the side...and the guy'shands get all sticky.But your jelly stays right in the middlewhere it's supposed to.I don't know how you do it.Youjust got a gift, I guess.I've always thought so.I just never mentioned it,but it's time you knew how I feel.I don't believein keeping feelings bottled up.Good-bye, my wife.- Good-bye, Homer.To the most beautifulmoment in life.Better than the deed,better than the memory--the momentof anticipation.Oh, Jacques, you handsome devil.Look at you.You're really goingto strike out tonight!- Ain't you hungry, Homer?- Starving.Well, then why aren'tyou eating your sandwich?How can I eat it? She made it.It's all I have left.Domestic situation.Uh, huh?Marge!What a lovely surprise.You're here to see me,right?Of course!Hey, way to go, Homer.Way to go!What will I tellthe boss?Tell him I'm going to the backseatof my car with the woman I love,and I won't be backfor ten minutes.Shh!