Lisa! Lisa, are youstill in there?What's the problem? Did you fall in?Lisa!- Sorry, Dad. Women and children first.- What the--- Where the hell are my keys?Who stole my keys?Come on. I'm late for work.Oh, Homer, you'd lose your head if itweren't securely fastened to your neck.- Did you check the den?- The den! Great idea.Warm. No, cold.- Colder. Ice cold.- Huh?-Do you know where my keys are?-No. I'm talkin' about your breakfast.Did you try the rumpus room?


Rumpus room?Great idea.- Oh, Dad.- Huh?- Doh!- Oh, Homer.- Here.- I'm sorry, everybody,but I've only got two cupcakesfor the three of you.Well, Mom, one of us has scarfeddown more than enough cupcakesover the past three decades to--- Bart!-just take mine.A simple cupcakewill bring me no pleasure.- Oh, yeah!- All right!All right, class.From the top.One, and two,and three, and--My county, 'tis of theeLa da da da da deeLisa!


Lisa Simpson!Lisa, there's no room for crazy bebopin " My County 'Tis of thee."- But Mr. Largo, that'swhat my county's all about.- What?I'm wailing out for the homelessfamily living out of it?s car.The Iowa farmer whose land has beentaken away by unfeeling bureaucrats.The West Virginia coal miner,coughing up--That's all fine and good, but noneof those unpleasant people...are going to beat the recital next week.Now, class.From the top.Five, six, seven.Every day at noon a bell rings, andthey herd us in here for feeding time.And we sit around like cattle, chewingour cuds, dreading the inevitable--Food fight!Come on, Lis! What are youwaiting for? Chuck that spaghetti.I choose not to participate.Lisa, we are playingdodge ball here.The object of the game isto avoid the ball by weavingor ducking out of it?s path.In other words,to dodge the ball.Listen, missy, just tell mewhy you weren't gettingout of the way of those balls.I'm too sad.Too sad to play dodge ball?That's ridiculous.Now, let's see some enthusiasm.Play ball!Come on, come on.Let's go.In the red trunks,with a record of 48 wins and no losses,the undisputed champof this house,Battling Bart Simpson!Whoopee, whoo!And in the lavender trunks,with a record of zero winsand 48 defeats--Oh, correction.Humiliating defeats,-all of them by knockout--- Must you do this every time?Homer "The Human Punching Bag"Simpson!Doh! Stupid joystick!Three seconds, folks.A new record.Hey, no. I'm not down.I'm-- Getup, you!Get off the mat.Okay. Here we go.Yo, chump, you back again?Get outta the way!How come he's not ducking?Wait a minute. I can't get my--Get out of the way, stupid!- Homer?- Not now, Marge!- Get out of the corner!- They sent a note from school.What did you do this time, you littlehoodlum? Oops, get outta the way!I didn't do it. Nobody saw me do it.There's no way they can prove anything.No, Bart.This note isn't about you.It isn't?There must be some mistake.Hey, you're right.This note's about Lisa.Lisa?She doesn't look sad.I don't see any tears in her eyes.It's not that kind of sad.I'm sorry, Dad, but youwouldn't understand.Oh, sure, I would, princess.I have feelings too.You know, like," My stomach hurts."Or "I'm going crazy!"Why don't you climb up on Daddy's kneeand tell him all about it.I'm just wonderingwhat's the point?Would it make any differenceat all if I never existed?How can we sleep at night when there'sso much suffering in the world?Well, I-- Uh--Come on, Lisa.Ride the Homer horsey!Giddyap. Whee!Lisa, honey, why don't we go upstairsand I'll draw you a nice hot bath.That helps mewhen I feel sad.- Sorry, Dad. I know you mean well.- Thanks for knowing I mean well.Gee, Homer. Looks like you got yourselfa real problem on your hands.Yeah, right.Uh, Bart, vacuum this floor.Hey, man.I didn't do anything wrong!In times of trouble you'vegot to go with what you know.Now, hop to it, boy!Thinks he's some bigstupid Homer. Oh, man.I'll show him.He thinks he's so big.- Enjoy your bath?- No, not really.Oh, too bad.Well, I certainly had fun vacuuming.Maybe now I'll get the pleasureof scrubbing your tub.So typical of Bart.All he thinks about is himself.Hey, don't say stuff like thatabout me to Maggie.She's on my side anyway.- Is not. Is not.- Is too. Is too.- Is not.- Is too! Watch. I'll prove it.Maggie. Come to the oneyou love best.No, Maggie. Come here, girl.Come tome.Come on, Maggie!The choice is obvious.No, Maggie. Don't go for the glitter.Look for substance.All right, Maggie,just go to Bart.Exactly. Come to the oneyou love best.Oh, no! Come on!Don't let the--Aaah! Oh, no,not again.Get over to the--Aaah!Gee, Dad, you'rereally bad at this.I am not.It's just that I...couldn't concentratewith that infernal racket.Lisa! Lisa.Lisa, what did I tell you about playingthat sax-a-ma-thing in the house?I was just playing the blues, Dad.Lisa, I'm sorry.I didn't mean to yell.Go ahead. Play your bluesif it'll make you happy.No. That's okay, Dad.I'll just work on my fingering.Unless my fingers clackingon the keys is too loud for you.Let's hear it.You just clackas loud as you want, Lis.I've gotta find that sound.That was beautiful.What's it called?Oh, it's a little tunethat I call...the "I Never Hadan Italian Suit Blues."Wait, Margie. Before you go outthat door, let's put our happy face on,because people know how good a mommyyou have by the size of your smile.What the--- Put up your dukes, Homer.Bart, go easy on me.I'm your dad.I am going easy on you,but you're so old and slow...and weak and pathetic.No! Bart, no!- Homer, wake up, wake up.- Huh? Oh, man.Here, let me wipe offthe drool.You know, Marge, getting oldis a terrible thing.I think the saddest day of mylife was when I realized I couldbeat my dad at most things.And Bart experiencedthat at the age of four.So, why are youstill awake?I'm still tying to figure outwhat's bothering Lisa.I don't know. Bart's such a handful,and Maggie needs attention.But all the while, our littleLisa is becoming a young woman.Oh, so that's it.This is some kind of underwear thing.Mmm. Good night, Homer.Now, now low b-flat.Okay, Lisa."Altissimo" register.Very nice. Very nice.I once ruptured myself doin' that.- Thanks, Mr. Murphy.- My friends call me Bleedin' Gums.Eww. How'd you geta name like that?Well, let me put it this way.You ever been to the dentist?- Yeah.- Not me. I suppose I should go to one,but I got enough painin my life as it is.I have problems too.Well, I can't help you, kid. I'm just aterrific horn player with tons of soul.- But I can jam with you.- Okay.Oh, I'm so lonelySince my baby left meI got no moneyAnd nothing is freeOh, I been so lonelySince the day I was bornAll I got is this rustyThis rusty old hornI got a bratty brotherHe bugs me every dayAnd this morningmy own motherShe gavemy last cupcake awayMy dad actslike he belongsHe belongs in the zooI'm the saddest kidIn grade number twoyou know, you play pretty wellfor someone with no real problems.Yeah, but I don'tfeel any better.The bluesisn't about feelin' better.It's about makin' other peoplefeel worse and makin'a few bucks while you're at it.Which reminds me, if you'reever in the neighborhood,I'm playing in a little clubcalled the jazz Hole.Lisa! Get away fromthat jazzman!- But Mom! Can't I staya little longer?- Come on.We were worried about you. Nothingpersonal. I just fear the unfamiliar.Today's fireraced through downtown Springfield,gutting Symphony Hall, the SpringfieldMuseum of Natural History,the Springfield Arts Centerand Barney's Bowl-a-rama.- Officials said the--Oh, no! Marge!- Marge, are you all right?- No! I'm very upset.Then you've heard. Oh, God.What are we gonna do?- The lanes were kinda warped,but, oh, the food.- I'm upset about Lisa.- Oh, me too.- Me three. What are we talking about?- Bart!- Do you think you're being niceenough to your sister, Bart?- Oh, yeah, easy.- you do love her, don't you?- Oh, Mom.- Well, you do. Don't you?Don't make me say it.I know the answer. You know the answer.He knows the answer.Let's just drop it. Okay?Okay, Bart.You don't have to say it,but you do have to havea loving attitude.Be nice to your sister.-Okey-dokey.-Go on, Bart. No time like the present.- Hi, man.- I don't want your pity.- Aw, come on. I'll cheer you up.- How?Yeah. Moe's Tavern. Moe speaking.- Is Jacques there?- Who?-Jacques. Last name Strap.- Uh, hold on.Uh, Jacques Strap?Hey, guys, I'm lookin'for a Jacques Strap.What?Aw, wait a minute.Jacques Strap?It's you, isn't it,you cowardly little runt!When I get a hold of you, I am gonna gutyou like a fish and drink your blood.Where's your sense of humor, man?Lisa, you'll be latefor band practice. Let's go.Uh, give me some quarters.I'm doing my laundry.Yeah. Right.- Where's the video boxing?- It's over there in the corner.If I were you I really would usethose quarters for laundry.Wise guy.- Hey, that kid's pretty good.- Good? Are you kidding?Over 2.000 fights, and he's still onhis original quarter.Okay, who's next?- Me, me, me, me, me!- No, me!- Listen, can you teach meto fight like you do?- I don't think so.- Oh, come on.- I'll tell you what. I'll doit if you bark like a dog.You little--you got yourself a deal, Fido.- Well, looks like you'reall out of quarters, old man.- That's okay.With the tips you've given me,I'm gonna pound the tar out of...- a certain little smarty-pants tonight.Howie! I thought I told youto stop wasting your money...- in this stupid place!- Sorry, Mom.And you! A man of your age.You should be ashamed of yourself.Excuse me. I thinkI hear my wife calling.Now, Lisa, listen to me.This is important.- I want you to smile today.- But I don't feel like smiling.Well, it doesn't matter howyou feel inside, you know.It's what shows upon the surface that counts.That's what my mothertaught me. Take all yourbad feelings and push them down.All the way down, past your knees,until you're almost walking on them.And then you'll fit in, andyou'll be invited to parties,and boys will like you,and happiness will follow.Oh, come on.You can do better than that.Oh, that's my girl.I feel more popular already.- Hey, uh, nice smile.- Thanks.Hey, what are you talkin' to her for?She's just gonna say somethin' weird.- Not me.- you know, I used to thinkyou were some brainiac,but I guess you're okay.- Uh-huh.- Hey, why don't you come overto my house after practice?- you could do my homework.- Okay.Mmm.Five minutes, people. Now, Miss Simpson,I hope we won't have a repeat...of yesterday's out burstof unbridled creativity.No, sir.- Wow, Mom!- Hmm. So that's where she gets it.Lisa, I apologize to you.I was wrong.I take it all back. Always be yourself.You wanna be sad, honey, be sad.We'll ride it out with you.And when you get finished feeling sad,we'll still be there.From now on, let me dothe smiling for both of us.Okay, Mom.I said you could stopsmiling, Lisa.I feel like smiling.I'm gonna knock you outone more time, and that's it.This is getting boring, man.Just ty not to kill metoo hard, son.- Whoa!- Kid, tonight's not your night.All right, man, you askedfor it. No more Mr. Nice Guy.Aha! Blocked it.You missed me.- Oh!- I got you. Ooh.Don't try that. I got you blocked.And the crowd is on its feet asHurricane Homer moves in for the kill!Boys, I'd likeyour attention, please.Quiet, Marge! This is mybig moment! Bart "The BloodyPulp" Simpson is on the ropes.He is hoping I'll put himout of his misery!Well, you're in luck, Bart!Here comes my right!Oh, no!My game, my game!I could have beat the boy.Marge, how could you?I was so close.I'm sorry, but this is more importantthan that silly, loud game.You're right, Mom. I'd just like to usethis occasion to announce my retirement,undefeated, from the worldof video boxing.Oh, calm down, Homer.Lisa has an idea that she thinks...would be fun for the whole family.The next song was writtenby a friend of mine,one of the greatlittle ladies of jazz.I got this bratty brotherHe bugs me every dayAnd this mornin'my own motherGave my last cupcake awayMy dad acts likehe belongs, y'all-He belongs in the zoo- What?I'm the saddest kidIn grade number two