Ooh! Careful, Homer!There's no time. We're late.O little town of BethlehemO little town of BethlehemHow still we see the elie-Excuse me. Pardon me.- Sorry. Excuse me.- Hey, Norman, how's it goin'?So you got dragged down heretoo, huh?- How you doin', Fred?- Sorry. Excuse me.- Yeah. 'Scuse me. Oh!Pardon my galoshes.


Are met in thee tonightWasn't that wonderful?And now"Santas of many lands,"as presented by the entiresecond grade class.Oh! Lisa's class.Frohliche Weihnachten.That's German for" Merry Christmas."In Germany, Santa's servant Ruprechtgives presents to good children...and whipping rodsto the parents of bad ones.Merry Kurisumasu.I am Hotseiosha, a japanese priestwho acts like Santa Claus.I have eyesin the back ofmy head...so children better behavewhen I'm nearby.Now presenting Lisa Simpson...


as Tawanga, the Santa Clausof the South Seas.Ooh, it's Lisa! That's ours.Ah, the fourth gradewill now favor us with a melody--Uh, medleyof holiday "flavorites."Dashing through the snowIn a one-horse open sleighO'er the fields we goLaughing all the wayHa ha haBells on bobtail ring- Isn't Bart sweet, Homer?He sings like an angel.Oh, jingle bellsBatman smellsRobin laid an eggThe Batmobilebroke its wheelThe joker got awa--Jingle bellsJingle bellsJingle allThe fifth grade will now favour us...with a scene from Charles, uh, Dickens'A Christmas Carol.How many grades does this school have?" Dear friends of the Simpson family,"We had some sadness andsome gladness this year." First, the sadness.Our little cat Snowball..."was unexpectedly run overand went to kitty heaven."But we boughta new little cat, Snowball I."So I guess life goes on."Speaking of life going on,Grandpa's still with us, feisty as ever." Maggie is walking by herself,"Lisa got straight A's,and Bart--"Well, we love Bart."The magic of the seasonhas touched us all.Marge, haven't you finishedthat stupid letter yet?- " Homer sends his love. Happy holidays.- Marge!- The Simpsons."- Marge, where's the extension cord?For heaven's sake, Homer.It's in the utility drawer.Sorry. I'm just a big kid.And I love Christmasso much.D'oh!All right, children,let me have those letters.I'll send them to Santa's workshopat the North Pole.Oh, please. There's onlyone fat guy that brings us presents,and his name ain't Santa.Uh-- A pony?Oh, Lisa, you've asked for thatfor the last three years,and I keep telling you Santa can'tfit a pony into his sleigh.Can't you take a hint?But I really want a pony,- and I've been really good this year.- Oh, dear.Maybe Bart isa little more realistic.- A tattoo?- A what?Yeah! They're cool, and they lastthe rest of your life.you will not be gettinga tattoo for Christmas.Yeah. If you want one, you'll haveto pay for it out of your allowance.- All right!- Homer!- "Yello."- Marge, please.- Who's this?May I please speak to Marge?- This is her sister, isn't it?- Is Marge there?- Who shall I say is calling?- Marge, please.It's your sister.Oh!- Hello.- Hello, Marge. It's Patty.Selma and I couldn't be more excitedabout seeing our sister Christmas Eve.Well, Homer and I are lookingforward to your visit too.Somehow I doubtthat Homer is excited.of all the menyou could've married,I don't know why you pickedone who's always so rude to us.- Good one, Dad.Okay, kids,prepare to be dazzled.Marge, turn on the juice!- What do you think, kids?- Nice try, Dad.Just holdyour horses, son. Hey, Simpson!- What is it, Flanders?- Do you think this looks okay?Ho ho ho. Ho ho ho.- Oh!- Oh, neato!It's too bright.I oughta-- Flanders.What a big show-off.- Kids, wanna go Christmas shopping?- I do!- All right! The mall!- Go get your money.Tell us, Marge. Where haveyou been hiding the Christmas money?Oh, I have my secrets.Turn around.- you can look now.- Ooh! Big jar this year.Oh, Bart,that's so sweet.It's the best presenta mother could get,and it makes you lookso dangerous.- One " Mother," please.Wait a minute.How old are you?- Twenty-one, sir.- Get in the chair.Mm-hmm.Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.Attention,all personnel, please keep working...during the followingannouncement.And now our boss and friendMr. Burns.Hello. I'm proud to announce...that we've been able to increasesafety here at the plant...without increasing the costto the consumer...or affecting managementpayraises.However, for yousemiskilled workers,there will beno Christmas bonuses.- Oh, and one more thing.Merry Christmas!- Oh, thank God for the big jar.- Where's that Bart?But, Mom,I thought you'd like it.Yes, Mrs. Simpson, we can removeyour son's tattoo.It's a simple routineinvolving lasers.- Cool!- However, it is rather expensive,and we must insiston a cash payment up front.- Cash?- Mm-hmm.Thank God forHomer's Christmas bonus.- Ay, caramba!- Now, whatever you do, don't squirm.you don't wanna get this suckernear your eye or your groin.- Ow! Quit it.Ow! Quit it.Ow! Quit it.- Ow! Quit it.- Hey, what's with this?Ow! Quit it!Used to be a real boss tattoo.Mom had to spend the Christmas moneyhaving it surgically removed.Huh?It's true!The jar is empty!Oh, my God!We're ruined.Christmas is canceled.No presents for anyone!Don't worry, Homer. We'll justhave to stretch your Christmas bonus...- even further this year.- Homer?- Oh, yeah. My Christmas bonus.How silly of me.This'll be the bestChristmas yet.The best any familyever had.Hohoho.Hohoho.Hohoho.Ho ho ho.Hohoho.Hmm. I get the feeling there'ssomething you haven't told me, Homer.- Huh? Oh. I love you, Marge.- you tell me that all the time.Oh, good,because I do love you.I don't deserve you as muchas a guy with a fat wallet...and a credit card that won'tset off that horrible beeping.I think it does have somethingto do with your Christmas bonus.I keep asking for it,but--Marge, um,let me be honest with you.- Yes?- Well, I would--I-- I wanna dothe Christmas shopping this year.Uh, sure, okay.Marge, Marge. Hmm. Let'ssee.Ooh, look!Pantyhose.Practical and alluring.A six-pack.Oh! Only 4.99.Ooh! Pads of paper.I bet Bart can think ofa million things to do with these.That just leaveslittle Maggie. Oh, look!A little squeak toy.It says it's for dogs,but she can't read.Ow! Oh, Simpson,it's you.- Hello, Flanders.- Oh, my! What a mess we've got here.Well, which ones are yoursand which ones are mine?- Well, let's see.- Oh, this one's mine. This one's mine.- This one's mine, and this--- They're all yours!- Hey, you dropped your pork chop.- Gimme that!- Well, happy holidays, Simpson.- Gee, this is the best Christmas ever.- You bet.What's the matter, Homer? Somebodyleave a lump of coal in your stocking?You've been sitting there,sucking on a beer all day long.- So?- So, it's Christmas.- Thanks, Moe.Drinks all around!What's withthe crazy getup, Barn?I got me a part-timejobworking as a Santa down at the mall.Wow! Can I do that?I don't know. They'repretty selective.Do you like children?What do you mean? All the time?Even when they're nuts?- Hmm.- Uh, I certainly do.Welcome aboard, Simpson.Pending your successful completionof our training program, that is.Ho ho ho. Ho ho ho.Ho ho ho. Ho ho ho.- What is it now, Simpson?- Uh, when do we get paid?Not a dime till Christmas Eve!Now, from the top.Ho ho ho. Ho ho ho.Um, Dasher.- Dancer.- Mm-hmm.- Prancer.- Mm-hmm.Nixon.Comet and... Cupid.- Donna Dixon?- Sit down, Simpson.And what would you like,little boy?- You're not really Santa, tubby.- Why, you little egghead!No, Homer! If suchan emergency arises,you just tell themSanta's vey busy this time of year,- and you are one of his helpers.- Oh, I knew that one too!Homer, why are youseven hours late?Not a word, Marge.I'm heading straight for the tub.But, Homer,my sisters are here.- Don't you wanna say hello?- Daddy! We're so glad to see you!- Oh, Dad, you're finally home!What? Why?Oh, yeah.Hello, Patty.Hello, Selma.- How was your trip?- Fine.- you both look well.- Thank you.- Yeah, well, Merry Christmas.- It's Christmas?- you wouldn't know it around here.- And why is that?- For one thing, there's no tree- I was just on my way out to get one!- Can we go too, Dad?- Yeah, can we?No!Sleighbells ringAre you listeningIn the laneSnow is glisteningA beautiful sightWe're happy tonight- Walking in a winter wonderlandHey! What do you think you're doin'?- Uh-oh.- Hey! Hey!- Come back here!So what do you think, kids?Beauty, isn't it?- Wow! Yay, Dad!- Way to go, Dad!- Why is there a birdhouse in it?- Uh, that's an ornament.Do I smell gunpowder?and then I want some Robotoids.And then I wanta Goop Monster.And then I wanta great big, giant--Aw, son, you don't needall that junk.I'm sure you've alreadygot something much more important--a decent home and a loving fatherwho would do anything for you.Hey, I couldn't afford lunch.Give me a bite of that donut.Get a load of thatquote-unquote Santa.I can't believe those kidsare falling for it.Hey, Milhouse, I dare youto sit on his lap.- I dare you to yank his beard off.- Ah, touche.I hope you feel better,Santa.Oh, I will when Mrs. Claus' sistersget outta town.Thanks for listenin', kid.Hey, Santa,what's shakin', man?What's your name, Bart... ner?Uh, little partner?- I'm Bart Simpson. Who are you?- I'm jolly Old St. Nick.Oh, yeah?We'll just see about that.D'oh!- Homer!- A word with you in Santa's workshop.- Cover for me, Elfie.- I didn't know it was you.Nobody knows.It's a secret.I didn't get my bonus this year.But to keep the familyfrom missing out on Christmas,- I'd do anything.- I'll say, Dad.you must really love usto sink so low.Now, let's not get mushy, son.I still have a job to do.Hey, little ones. Santa's back.Ho ho-- D'oh!Damn it to--Ah, son, one dayyou're gonna know...the satisfaction of payday.Receiving a big fat checkfor a job well done.Simpson, Homer?Here ya go.Come on, son. Let's go cashthis baby and get presents for--Thirteen bucks? Hey, wait a minute.That's right.$120 gross.Less Social Security,less unemployment insurance,- less Santa training...- Santa training?less costume purchase,less beard rental, less Christmas club.- But-- But--- See ya next year.- Ohh!- Come on, Dad. Let's go home.Thirteen bucks?you can't get anythingfor 13 bucks.Allright!Thirteen bigones!Springfield Downs,here I come!- What?- you heard me.I'm goin' to the dog track.I got a hot little puppyin the fourth race.- Wanna come?- Sory, Barney.I may be a total washout as a father,but I'm not gonna take my kid...to a sleazy dog trackon Christmas Eve.Come on, Simpson.The dog's name is Whirlwind.Ten-to-one shot.Money in the bank.- Uh-uh.- Ah, come on, Dad.This can be the miracle thatsaves the Simpsons' Christmas.If TV has taught me anything,it's that miracles alwayshappen to poor kids at Christmas.It happened to Tiny Tim,it happened to Charlie Brown,it happened to the Smurfsand it's gonna happen to us.Well, okay, let's go.Who's Tiny Tim?Hey, Moldy, do youthink Santa will be able to find...ElfCountyunder all this snow?I doubt it, Bubbles. We'll besad little elves this Christmas.- Oh, no!- Oh, brother.- Where's your husband?- Yeah. It's getting late.Said he went carolingwith Bart.We're in the money,we're in the moneyWe got a lot ofwhat it takes to get alongI can't believeI'm doing this.Can we openour presents now, Dad?you know the tradition, son.Not till the eighth race.Hey, Barney,which one is Whirlwind?Number Six. That's our lucky dogright over there.He's wonhis last five races.What? That scrawny littlebag of bones?Come on, Dad. They're allscrawny little bags of bones.Yeah, you're right.I guess Whirlwind is our only hopefor a Merry Christmas.Attention,racing fans, we have a late scratch...in the fourth race.Number 8, Sir Galahad will bereplaced by Santa's Little Helper.Once again, Sir Galahad has beenreplaced by Santa's Little Helper.Bart, did you hear that?What a name!Santa's Little Helper!- It's a sign! It's an omen!- It's a coincidence, Dad.- What are the odds on Santa's LittleHelper? - Ninety-nine to one.Wow! Ninety-nine timesthirteen equals... Merry Christmas!I got a bad feelingabout this.- Don't you believe in me, son?- Uh--Come on, boy. Sometimes your faithis all that keeps me going.Oh, go for it, Dad.That's my boy! Eveything onSanta's Little Helper.Three cheers for Brainy!- Hip hip hooray!- Yay!Unadulterated pap.It's almost 9:00.Where's Homer anyway?It's so typicalof the big doof us to spoil it all.- What, Aunt Patty?- Oh, nothing, dear.I'm just trashingyour father.Well, I wish you wouldn't...because aside from the fact he hasthe same frailties as all human belings.he's the only father I have.Therefore, he ismy model of manhood,and my estimation of him will governthe prospects of my adult relationships.So I hope you bear in mind thatany knock at him is a knock at me,and I'm far too young to defendmyself against such onslaughts.Mm-hmm. Go watchyour cartoon show, dear.Come on, Bart.Kiss the ticket for good luck,not that we need it.Here comesScrewy the mechanical rabbit.- and they're off!- Come on, Santa's Little Helper!- Come on, dog! Go, man, go!It's Whirlwind in the lane, andcoming up on the left is Quadruped,followed by Dog O'Warand Fido.- Go! Come on, boy!- Go! Come on, get that rabbit!Dog O'War coming up faston the outside.- Come on, Santa's Little Helper!- Come on, dog! Go, man, go!And with a lock on last place,it's Santa's Little Helper.- Don't worry, Dad.Maybe this is just for suspensebefore the miracle happens.- Come on, you stupid dog! Come on!- Go, go!- Run! Run!- Run, run! Come on, get that rabbit!- Go, go, Santa's Little Helper! Run!- Go, go, go!Whirlwind by a countrymile, second,ChewMyShoe, followed by Dog O'War.Oh, jeez!Doesn't seem possible,but I guess TV has betrayed me.I don't wanna leavetill our dog finishes.Ah, forget it.Let's go.- Find any winners, son?- Sory, Dad.Hey, hey, Simpson!What'dl tell you?Whirlwind!Let's go, Daria.Beat it! Scram! Get lost!- you came in last for the last time!Look, Dad, it'sSanta's Little Helper.And don't come back!Oh, no, you don't! No, no!Get away from me! Uh-uh!Oh, can we keep him,Dad, please?But he's a loser!He's pathetic! He's--A Simpson.Hmm. Maybe I shouldcall the police.- Oh, he'll sober up.- Yeah. Come staggering home.Mm-hmm.Smelling of cheap perfume.- Homer!- What? What the-- Who the--- Look, eveybody,- I have a confession to make.- This should be good.I didn't getmy Christmas bonus.I tried not to let itruin Christmas for eveybody,but no matterwhat I did--- Hey, eveybody, lookwhat we got!A dog!All right, Dad!- God bless him.- So love at first sight is possible.And if he runs away,he'll be easy to catch.Oh,this is the best gift of all, Homer!- It is? -Yes. Something to share our love...and frighten prowlers.- What's his name?- Number 8--I mean, Santa's Little Helper.Rudolph the red-nosedreindeerHad a very shiny noseAnd if you ever saw it- you would even say it glows- Like a light bulb!-Bart!- All of the other reindeerUsed to laughand call him names- Like Shnozzola!-Lisa!They never let poor Rudolph- Join in any reindeergames-Like strippoker!-I'm warning you two!- Then one foggy Christmas Eve- Santa came to say- Take it, Homer!Uh, Rudolph get your nose over here- So you can guide my sleigh today- Oh, Homer.Then all the reindeerloved himand they shouted outwith gleeRudolph the red-nosedreindeerYou'll go down in history-Like Attila the Hu--- You little--