Man! Rusty old hunk of junk!Howdy, Bart.Hot enough for ya?Shut up, Flanders.Hey, Dad, how come we can't geta decent mower, like the Flanders have?Just be happy with what you've got, son.Don't try to keep up with the Flanders'.Whoa!How do you like my new wheels, Simpson?Oh, wow, man!What an RV!Bart! Uh, I suppose it has,uh, various features.Oh, it's got everything--microwave, dish washer,big screen TV, deep fryerand, oh, see up there on the roof?


- A satellite dish!- Yes, indeedly-doodly.But, uh, how can you affordsomething like this, Ned?I get your mail once in a while, andyou make only $27 a week more than I do.Oh, it's simple, Simpson. Credit.Ooh, credit!Hmm! Mmm!Oh! Ah!Thank you, God.May I help you?We're just browsing.Thank you.I'd like to see your finest RV.Do you have something that'sbetter than the Land Behemoth?Yes we do. That would bethe Ultimate Behemoth.- Where is it?- You are standing in its presence.- Behold!- Oh, wow!


Would you look at this thing?Man built this. It's a vehicle.Does it haveits own satellite dish, sir?You can tell your sonit has its own satellite.The Van Star One, launched last February,just for this thing, that's all.- Whoa, man!- I'm not sure that we can afford--- Does it have a deep fryer?- It has four of them--one for each partof the chicken.I don't thinkwe can afford this.Let's worry about that later. Come on.Let's take a tour. Want to? Come on- Ay, caramba.- This is better than our house.Wait till Flandersgets a load of this.Seems so expensive.Hey!- How much is it?- Oh.You're a man of your convict--You just wanted to ask thatand blurted it out, didn't ya?- Yeah. How much is it?- Well,first of all, I want you to knowI like your face.- You do?- I really do.I'm not saying that. I mean it.You got color in there.- You're not Roman, are you?- No!Look like a god, sort of.Why don't we stepinto the credit office, Zeus?Hey, your dad's gonna just go in here,work it out and you'll,you'll drive home in this!I'm not gonna quote youa price till I check your credit rating.And let me-- I want to make myselfclear on this. This is a formality.If you're saying to me," Bob, is this guy good for it?"I say,"Yes." I don't checkthis machine, but I don't own the place,even though my name's up there.Long story, but thatdoesn't matter. I'm gonna haveto run it through the computer.Is that a good siren?Am I approved?You ever known a siren to be good?No, Mr. Simpson, it's not.It's a bad siren.That's the computer in caseI went blind, telling me,"Sell the vehicle to this fella,and you're out of business."- That's what the siren says.- Oh.Seems the Ultimate Behemothis a wee bit out of your price range.And "weebit"is me bein' polite.You couldn't afford this thingif you lived to be a million.Don't you have something thatisn't out of my price range?I don't wanna go awayempty-handed, Bob.Take it easy there. Don't ruinthis feeling I'm gettin' from ya.Perhaps I can show yousomething, uh...a little more you.Well, what do you think?You gotta be kidding me.- Used, isn't it?- What'd you say?- Uh, is it used?- Mr. Simpson, you're nevergonna own a better RV.I don't mean that in a good way.I mean literally.This is it for you, you know?It's this or a wagon.Then... uh, how muchdo you want for it?This is yours. You're notgonna hand it to someone else?'Cause I'm gonna give you a price foryou. Someone else, I'm doublin' this.- I swear it, Bob.- This is you and me.- Yeah.- Two months from now,your head's in that window.- On my honor.- 350 a month.Oh, well, I don't know. Would it be allright if l conferred with my family?Mr. Simpson, if you have to talk it overwith those humans out there,there's something wrongwith all of us.You look like a man able to makea decision. See that man over there?- Yeah.- He's buying this. Did you know that?Called me, said, "Save the little one.I'm coming." Here he is.- Now you want it or not?- All right, all right. I'll take it!Best decision you ever made. You are gonna..You are gonna.. this is gonna change your life.Hey, Flanders.Look what I got.Oh, she's a beaut!Hey, congratulations!I'm sure you'll haveloads of fun.Jealous. Everybody ready?I hate this.I don't wanna go.That's the spirit.Ready or not, nature,here we come!Turkey farm, skunks, slaughterhouse?No, no, no.- What are you doing back there?- We're playing,"What's that odor?"- Dad's feet?- Bart!- You win, Bart.- Lisa!- Are we there yet, Dad?- I'll tell you when.Go back to your smell game.Homer, I'm telling you.- This is not the interstate.- Maps.Shouldn't we stop somewhereand ask for directions?Don't worry.This is an all-terrain vehicle.My feet are getting wet!Oh, come on.We're getting back to nature.- Mom, I'm scared.- We all are, dear.Your father says there's nothingto worry about.- What do you think?Should we stop here?- Yes!All righty.Well, here we are.Okay, nobody move, and nobody panic.When I give the word,everyone, ever so slowly,open your door and slide out.On the count of three. One--The Simpsonshave entered the forest.Well, ha, ha.Now we get a chance to be real pioneers.Yes, sir.This is a real adventure.Why, I bet there are peoplewho would trade everything theyhave in the world for this.You mean, like we just did?- Will somebody help her?- Look, Maggie. Birdies.Oh, Homer,what are we going to do?Now don't worry.Our situation isn't as bad as it seems.And you're forgetting.I'm an experienced woodsman.Now you all stay here while I go overthis way and try to get my bearings.What am I gonna do?I've murdered us all!I've murdered us all!I've murdered us all!- Shut up!- Shut up! Shut up!- D-oh!- D-oh! D-oh!- There. Finished.- You are?Well, it's a quick job,but it's shelter.- It is?- Uh-huh.Okay. We'll be back with helpbefore you know it.You girls just stay hereand relax.Remember, the handle of the Big Dipperpoints to the North Star.That's nice, Lisa,but we're not in astronomy class.We're in the woods.Should Maggiebe going with them?I don't think they'll be gonelong, and she's in good hands.There aren't any dangerous animals...in the forest, are there, Dad?Might be a few, but don't worry.If you leave them alone,they'll leave you alone.- It's a deal.- And remember not to act afraid.Animals can smell fear,and they don't like it.- Besides, there's nothing to be afraid of.- Right.A rattler!- I'm not afraid!- Run, you fool!Through here, boy.Back to civilization.- How do you know?- When you're an experiencedwoodsman like me,you get a feelfor these things.It becomes natural,like a third sense.The boys certainlyare taking a long time.I hope Maggie isn'tslowing them up too much.Bart! Where are you, Bart?His lucky red hat.Oh, dear God!No! Bart!Bart! Bart!Oh, Bart! Oh, Bart, my beautiful son!Why couldn't Youhave taken me?Of all the fateson heaven and earth,why did this one befall me?Don't have a cow, Dad.What the-- D-oh!You're alive! And buck naked.I'm not the only one,Home boy.What? Oh!Jungle man.The first thing you learn aboutsurviving in the woods, boy:conceal your nakedness.- Yeah, man.- Okay. Slap a fern on there, boy.And now with some mud.There. Ooh!That requires a little moss.And some moss for me.All right.- Ready to hit the town.- But, Dad, I am so hungry!Can't we eat somethin' first?I'm starvin', man.Ah, food.Good thinking, son.This young saplingought to do the trick.- What are we gonna do, hang ourselves?- No!This is a trap. It's gonna catchus our dinner. Come on, boy.Shh! just watch.Oooh!A-ha! Got him!Okay, okay.This time I'll justgo into the bushes over there,make a lot of noiseand flush out a rabbit.And when he comes out,you step on him.Right, Dad.Get 'em off me!Get 'em off me!Get 'em off me!Great camping trip, honey. Traveled 800miles, haven't even seen a squirrel yet.Well, the ranger at the gatesaid we should watch out for bears.- Oh, bears!- Mm-hmm.Right, right. Let me show youhow many bears there are around here.Uh, hello, bears!Um, come on.Have a donut.Oh, what the heck, have me!Come and get it!All right, all right.You made your point.Bears.- I hope Maggieand the boys are all right.- Oh, I'm sure they're just fine.After all, we built a fire,and we don't know anything about nature.Imagine what your father,an experienced woodsman, has done.Yeah, I suppose so.Good night, Mom.Good night, dear.G-G-Good n-n-night, D-D-Dad.- G-G-Good n-n-night, son.Sleep tight.- Are we there yet?- No!- Are we ever gonna be there?- How would I know?Quit asking pointless--- Bart, look!Honey. Honey!- We're saved!- Uh, Homer. Bees?- How is it?- Tangy.What?- Oh, water. That-a-way, man.Bigfoot. The legendary half-manhalf-ape is no longer a legend.He's very, very real. What you're aboutto see is unedited video footage...taken earlier today in the hills threemiles southwest of Tenderfoot George.Now, the naturalist who took theseabsolutely extraordinay pictures...was most impressed withthe creature's uncivilized look,it?s foul language and, most of all,it?s indescribable stench.A popular supermarket tabloidhas offered a reward of$5,000...to anyone who brings inthe creature alive.Naturally, we'll have moreon this story as it develops.We now return you to the president'saddress already in progress.It looks as if you girls havebeen getting along all right,but it's a darn good thingwe found you when we did.There's something horribleroaming these woods.There is?Why, that's my husband!His name isn't Bigfoot.His name is Homer.- What does it eat?- I don't understand.What's this all about?Well, I suppose pork chopsare his favorite.Get those bears out of here.I'm tying to do an interview.No bears!We're taping!All bears off the set.Okay. Now let's get backto your, uh, husband.How would you describe yourmarital relations? Brutish?- Is this going to be on TV?- Coast to coast.- Just a little further.- Are we there yet? Are we there yet?- Just a little further.- Are we there yet? Are we there yet?Food!Nice grizzlies.N-Nice grizzlies.Nice grizzlies.- What do we do, Dad?- Praise the grizzlies, son.Nice grizzlies. Nice grizzlies.That's a good grizzly.Oh. Oh.- Huh?- Maggie!Oh, my little girl.Nice grizzlies.Nice grizzlies.Later, grizzly dudes.Look! It's him!It's Bigfoot!Get in the car!- Get him! Get him!- Huh?We got him! We got Bigfoot!You are darn lucky we got herein time to rescue you.- What the hellare you talking about, sir?- He's getting away. After him!We gotta take him alive.You got that tranquilizer gun ready?Dad! Oh, Dad!Avenge me, son.Avenge my death.Last week's capture of Bigfootturned into the scientific poserof the century.Although the creature was ultimatelyreleased, the question remains,"Who was this Homer?"Was it a man or was it,in fact,the legendary missing linkknown as Bigfoot?Could I havesome applesauce?Specialists gathered at theSpringfield Primate Institute...for a firsthand examinationof the controversial creature.They are now readyto announce their findings.Uh, ladies and gentlemen,uh, distinguished colleagues,after extensive biologicaland anatomical testing,I regret to announce that the evidencewe have is... inconclusive.This thing may or may not be human.That's what he thinks.I say it's none otherthan Bigfoot himself.Oh, no.I disagree. I think it is a man.The eyes have the glimmerof human intelligence.Really. Glimmer in the eyes. Whatabout the sloping ape-like forehead?Oh, the guys at workare gonna have a field day with this.Cheer up, Homer.At least they let you go.Gentlemen, gentlemen.Fraulein, please.This much I believewe can agree upon:This specimen is eithera below-average human being...or... a brilliant beast.Stupid egghead.Oh, Homer.My brilliant beast.