Froggie, I'm home!Hi, little fella.I got some nice juicy flies for you.Geez, Louise.Look at this mess.I told that boy a billion timesto pick up his jun--I like to play with you.- My back.- I like to play with you.- There goes my back again.- I like to play with you.I like to play with you.I like to play with you.- I like to play with you.- Go get help, boy.I like to play with you.I like to play with you.I like to play with you.


- I like to play with you.- Oh, Maggie. My poor back.I like to play with you.I like to p--I like to play--- Dad!Homer, what happened?Oh, the boy.Bring me the boy.Bart, if you had cleaned upyour room when I asked you to,your father's trick backwould still be aligned.So, you'll pick upthis mess right now.Clumsy Homer.Everything's always my fault.If he'd just watch outwhere he was going.Hello. What have we here?Hello. What have we here?


A cherry bomb.I thought I blewall you guys up.People, people, no rough-housingon the monkey bars.You there. Tuck in your shirt.Watch it. I saw that.You certainly have doneawfully well for yourself, Spanky.Mother, please don't call me Spankyon school grounds.- Wow! A cherry bomb!- What are you goingto do with it, Bart?- Watch out, Bart. It's Skinner!- Uh-oh.Good morning, Mr. Skinner.Morning, boys.Why haven't you introduced meto your students, Spanky?- Well?- Mother, I would like you to meet...Milhouse, Lewis, Richardand Bart Simpson.This is the Bart Simpsonyou're always talking about?- Mm-hmm.- But he looks so sweet.- I am, Ma'am.- Simpson! Let's move onnow, Mother, shall we?Bye, Spanky.So, you're gonna flush it?What can I say?I've got a weakness for the classics.I think I need to make a stopat the little girls' room.Okay, Mother. This way.So long, sucker.- Now hold it right there,you little-- Mother?- Spanky?Oh, Marge, I still hurt.Marge. Marge!Oh, Homer. How many timesdo I have to fluff your pillow?Actually, I was wondering if youcould make me a grilled cheese sandwich.- Well, okay.- Make sure it's squished flatand crunchy on the outside.I know how you like 'em, Homer.And maybe some of thoselittle wieners that come in a can?Oh, and some fruit cocktailin heavy syrup.Marge.Marge.Marge, get the door!Principal Skinner!Hello, Mrs. Simpson.I'm afraid there's been...- a very disturbing incidentat school today.- I'm outta here.Homer, Principal Skinner is here.Hello, Principal Skinner.I'd get up, but the boy crippled me.Mm-hmm.I understand completely.The disturbing incident I wasreferring to happened this morning...when your son flushed an explosivedevice down the boys' lavatory.- That ol' gag.- Unfortunately, at the same moment,my mother was in the girls' lavatoymaking use of the facilities.- Oh, dear.- Mr. and Mrs. Simpson,we have transcended incorrigible.I don't think suspensionor expulsion will do the trick.I think it behooves us allto consider... deportation.Deportation? You meankick Bart out of the county?- Hear him out, Marge.- Well, perhaps I was beinga tad glib. Let me explain.Our elementary school participatesin a foreign exchange program.Normally, a student is selectedon the basis of academicexcellence or intelligence,but in Bart's case,I'm prepared to make a big exception.And if you're willing to play along,he can spend the next three months...studying far, far away.Sounds great. Although, a kidcan't learn much in just three months.Homer, you didn't even askwhere Bart would be going.Actually, he'd be stayingin France,in a lovely chateauin the heart of the wine county.But Bart doesn't speak French.Oh, when he's totally immersedin a foreign language,- the average childcan become fluent in weeks.- Yeah, but what about Bart?I'm sure he'll pick upenough to get by.And, uh, the whole thingwon't cost you a dime,as long as you're willingto take in a student of your own.Wait a minute, Skinner.How do we knowsome principal in France...isn't pullingthe same scam you are?For one thing, you wouldn'tbe getting a French boy.You'd be getting an Albanian.- You mean all white with pink eyes?- No. No, no, no.A student from Albania.It's a county on the Adriatic Sea.Well, going to Francesounds like a fantastic opportunity,but I think Bartshould have a say in this.The life of a frog.That's the life for me.Bart, how would you like to spendthe next three months living in France?France? Wow!He makes me crazy12 months a year.- At least you get the summer off.- Mm-hmm.- And I get to take a planethere, wouldn't I, Mom?- Yes, Bart.- Wow! And one back?- Mm-hmm.Well, Bart seems very enthusiasticabout the idea.- Yes, baby!- Way to go!Bon voyage, boy.Good-bye, my special--my special little guy.You will write us, won't you?- All the time.- What do you know about France?I know I'm going,and you're not.I'm gonna miss you, son.And listen, while you're seeingall those great sights,always remember thatyou're representing your county.I guess what I'm saying is,don't mess up Francethe way you messed up your room.- Okay, Dad.- Is one of you going to beon the charter flight?- Yes, sir.- Mm-hmm. Come along.- Bye.- Be good.- We'll miss you.Hey, man, watch it.Ooh! Oh! Ow!Oh! Hey, man.It's me, Bart Simpson.- Okay, kid. Let's go.- Hey!Every little breezeseems to whisper LouiseBirds in the treesseem toLouiseLa la la laaLa la la la laOoh la la!How much longer, sir?This is wherewe're going, right?Chateau Mah-son.Eww. What a dump.You know, in Albania, the unitof currency is called The lek.You gotta be kiddin'. The lek.And the national flag isa two-headed eagle on a red field.Give me the oldstars and stripes.And the main export isfurious political thought.- Political what?- Trans Albanian Airlines,flight number two,Tirana to Springfield,is now arriving.Welcome to your new home.Escape is impossible.My name is Cesar.This is my nephew, Ugolin.You may find life hereat the chateau hard,but if you shut upand do exactly what we say,the time will passmore quickly.- He's right, you know.- Well, okay, sir.- Adil?- Mother?Well, I guess for the next few months,yes, I will be your mother.And this must be Lisa and Maggie.And you must bemy new father, Homer.Affectionate little Albanian,isn't he?Hey, come on, guys.Quit being so grabby.Sorry, man. Be my guest.You may find his accent peculiar.Certain aspects of his culturemay seem absurd,perhaps even offensive.But I urge you all to give little Adilthe benefit of the doubt.In this way,and only in this way,can we hope to better understand ourbackward neighbors throughout the world.Thank you, Principal Skinner.Thank you, fellow students.Although I have only beenin your county a few days,I have already found Americansto be most... trusting.Although, officially,I am required to hate you,I want you to knowI do not feel it in my heart.Hurry up, boy. My grapesare waiting for their water.How can you defend a country...where 5% of the peoplecontrol 95% of the wealth?I'm defending a countywhere people can think, actand worship anyway they want.- Can not. Can not.- Can too. Can too.Please, please, kids.Stop fighting.Maybe Lisa's right about Americabeing a land of opportunity,and maybe Adil has a pointabout the machinery of capitalism...being oiled with the bloodof the workers.Your father is right.We should not fight. Friends?Well, okay.Well, now that that's settled,I'll just clear the dishes.No, no, Mrs. Simpson. You have beenoppressed enough for today.- I will clear the dishes.- Oh. Okay.Did you see that?You know, Marge, this is the wayI've always wanted it to be.We've becomea fully functioning family unit.We've always blamed ourselves,but I guess it's pretty clearwhich cylinder wasn't firing.- Homer!- Your paper-thin commitmentto your children...sends shivers down my spine.- May I be excused?- Lisa!Oh, she's just jealous.She'll get over it.And if she doesn't,we can always exchange her.- Homer!-just kidding.Can I have somethingto go with my turnip?Quiet! When you work like a man,we will feed you like one.Now go to sleep!Hey, hey, come on.Move it, pal.You leave Maurice alone.The floor is good enough for you.You go to sleep there.- Nice and cozy, Adil?- Yes. Thank you, Father.Look, Adil, you can call me Dad.All right, Dad.Aw! You called me Dad.Dad, do you think I could come visit youat the nuclear power plant?- You wanna see where I work?- Oh, yes, very much.None of my biological kidsever wanted to see me at work.- Then I can go?- Well, I'll have to pulla few strings...with the boys in security,but sure, you bet.Excellent.Now watch me.You grab the grapebetween your thumb and forefinger...and gently twist it offand drop it in the bucket.Now you do it.Very good.Now do it a million times.See these? American doughnuts.Glazed, powderedand raspberry-filled.Now how's that for freedom of choice?Dad, do you think I might seeyour plutonium isolation module?Uh... maybe.Hold on a second.- Hey, Lenny.- Hmm?Does this place have one ofthose plutonium isolation deals?- Yeah, over in sector 12.- Sector 12?- Third floor, by the candy machines.- Oh, that sector 12.Come along, Adil.Ungrateful swine!We give you food,we give you shelter,and this is how you repay us!You little shutterbug.Cheese!Cheese!Oh, wait a minute.Stupid grapes.Bunch of creeps!I hate France!You sure have taken a shineto little Adil.Well, he sure makes life a lot easieraround here. You have to admit that.Well, okay, I will,if you admit you love Bart.Okay. Okay.I love Bart.- Well?- What?Well?Oh, Adil's a very sweet boy.Darn tootin'."Dear Bart, How is France?"I don't know whyyou haven't written."I guess you're justhaving too much fun."- Oh, yeah, right.- Silence!"Everyone herein the United States is fine."We think Maggie may sayher first word any day now.Lisa got an A in math,which I'm only mentioning as news.I'm not putting you down.And your father, well...last night, he went to sleep..."talking abouthow much he loves you."Oh."Remember to dress warm and tryto be as helpful as you can..."to your adopted parents."All my love. Mom."Oh.What are you doing?Get out of here!Sorry.On second thought, Bart.Bart, come here.- Drink this.- No, thanks.Do not worry.This is France.It is customary for childrento take a little wine now and then.Yeah, but it's gotantifreeze in there.- Drink it!- Oh!Ooh!Oh, Bart.Oh.You're a policeman, aren't you?Excusez-moi.Jeneparlepas Anglais.But you gotta help me.These two guys I'm staying with,they work me day and night.They don't feed me.They make me sleep on the--I--I don't want a piece of candy.I need your--Come on, Mister.Can you help me?Oh, forget it.I'm so stupid.Anybody could have learnedthis dumb language by now.Here I've listened to nothingbut French for the past...Honey, I'm home.Hello, Homer.What's that?Oh, just some blueprintsAdil wanted.I'm telling you,he's such a curious little dickens.I bet he could builda nuclear power plant if he wanted to.All right, Sparrow.We know you're in there.We'll give you one minuteto surrender.Oh, my!Ooh, trouble in the neighborhood.Let's check it out.I'm his neighbor.What did he do?Well, sir, we--Well, sir, we've been on the trail...of a spy transmittinghighly confidential information...- to an unfriendly nation.- Ooh!Mm-hmm. Through the useof radio triangulation,- we tracked him to exactly this point.- Wow.- That's all I can tell you.- Aw.All right. Well, the name ofhis county starts with the letter "A."- Hmm. Ooh!- Time's up, Sparrow.We're coming in after you.Oh, gee whiz. Adil would geta kick out of seeing this.- Adil?- The Sparrow!Adil. Oh, there you are.Get him!Au revoir, suckers.So, he's going to prison?No. We've arranged an exchange forone of our own men caught in Albania.So, Sparrow, we meet again.Yes. Sometimes I thinkI am getting too old for this game.Okay, kids.Let's hurry it up.Good-bye, Simpsons.Thank you for your hospitality.I hope this experience will not sour youon the student exchange program.- Good-bye, Adil.- Have a nice trip.Good-bye, Adil. I'll send youthose civil defense plans you wanted.Air France, flightdix-neufcentquatre-vingtshuit,Paris to Springfield,is now arriving.Look, Mom. There he is!- Oh, Bart, my baby boy. Welcome home.- Hey, where's the big guy?He means me.- Hey, boy.- Hey, Homer.He brought us gifts.His first unselfish act.So, basically, I metone nice French person.Bart, I have something to say that'sgonna bother me if I don't say it.- It's good to see you.- Same here.I'd love a glassof that wine Bart brought us.Sorry, Marge. Some wise guystuck a cork in the bottle.You hear that, Marge?My boy speaks French.