- Aah!Ooh!- Yeah. Oh, yeah?- Lisa] Yeah. Yeah!- Yeah? Oh, yeah?- Yeah.Hey, what's the problem here?We were fighting overwhich one of us loves you more.you were?Aw, well, go ahead.- you love him more.- No, you do.- No, I don't.- Yes, you do!you better get this outof your system right now!I don't want you embarrassingme at my boss's picnic.


Mmm. Marshmallow.- Homer!I'm tying to get the unfortunate noisesout of my system while I can.I don't want to embarrass myselfat the company picnic.Are you sure that's enough? The bossloves your delicious gelatin desserts.Oh, Homer, Mr. Burnsjust said he liked it... once.That's the only time he's ever spokento me without using the word "bonehead."There it is, kids!Stately Burns Manor.Heaven on Earth.Okay, now look, my bossis gonna be at this picnic.I want you to show your fathersome love and/or respect.- Tough choice.- I'm picking respect.Good to see you.Glad you could make it.Oh, Thank you, Mr. Burns.I'm so glad you invited us.


- Not me. I had to misslittle league for this.- Quiet, Tom.Oh, please, don't fight.Just go out back and have a good time.Fire that man, Smithers.I don't want him or hisunpleasant family to ruin my picnic.He'll be goneby the tug-of-war, sir.- Excellent.-Uh, afternoon, Mr. Burns.Uh, hello, there, uh--uh--- Simpson, Homer.- Here yougo, sir.Ah! Oh, yes. Uh, oh, and thismust be your lovely wife, Marge.Oh, and look at little,uh, Lisa.Why, she's growinglike a weed.-And this must be, uh, Brat.- Bart.Don't correct the man, Brat. Oh, boss,look what we brought-- gelatin desserts.Oh, for the love of Peter.That's all anybody brought.Some damn fool went aroundtelling everyone I love that slimy goop.Well, toss it in the pileover there.And... make yourselves at home.Hear that, Dad? You can lie aroundin your underwear and scratch yourself.- Now, you listen to me--- Trouble, Simpson?No. just congratulating theson on a fine joke about his old man.Now remember,as far as anyone knows,we're a nice,normal family.Hey, Bart, last one inthe fountain's a rotten egg!D-oh! Be normal.Be normal!Mmm!What an adorable little girl.Thank you.Why don't we dump them in the nurseyand get a glass of punch?Oh, I'm not muchof a drinker.Hey, isn't that your boy theretorturing the swans?- Bart!Maybe I will take you upon that punch.Gee, do you think we shouldleave the kids unsupervised?You're right.There.- Bart! Lisa!- Where are you kids? D-oh!- Whoops.- Gotya!- Careful. Blow a gasket, lose your job.The father/son-sack race...will begin in five minuteson the north lawn.Participation is mandatoy.Repeat, mandatoy. That is all.- you remember the rules?- Shut my mouth, and let your boss win.- Hey!I don't know who to love more:my son, Joshua, who's captainof the footballteam,:or my daughter, Amber,who got the lead in the school play.Usually, I use their gradesas a tiebreaker,but they both gotstraight A's this term.- What's a mother to do?- Mm-hmm.- Well, I sense greatness in my family.- Your family?Well, it's a greatnessthat others can't see, but it's there.And if it's not true greatness we have,we're at least average.I don't want to alarm anyone,but I think there'sa little "al-key-hol" in this punch.- Mr. Burns, are you ready?- Yes.- Are youset?- Yes.- Go, Mr. Burns.Man, this is pathetic.I'm goin' for it!Bart, no!No! No! No!Oh, no, wait.Oh, no. Bart, don't.Don't. No!Close one this year.- Here we sit enjoying the shade- Hey, brother, pour on the wine- Drink the drink that I have made- Hey, brother, pour on the wineHe's here at last my one and onlyGood-bye friends-And don't be lonely-Hey, brother, pour on the wine- Marge, I need you!- Hey, Homie, did you try the punch?Snap out of it, Marge.You've gotta come with me.The boss is going to make a toast.Well, I'm not much of a drinker.Why, you picked a perfect time to start.Musicians, cease that infernal tootling."Thank you all..."uh,"for coming."- Marge, knock it off.- Well, I'm sory.- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.- Marge!" But now it's timeto say good-bye.Please get off my propertyuntil next year."I suggest you don't dawdle. The houndswill be released in ten minutes.- Did you have a good time, son?- Yeah, thanks, Pop.Aw, that's the kind of family unityI like to see. Smithers.- Yes, sir?- Get that man's name.I predict big things for himdown at the power plant.Quick, Bart,give me a kiss.Kiss you?But, Dad, I'm your kid.Bart, please?Five bucks for a kiss.I have never seen suchan obvious attempt to curry my favor.Fabulous observation, sir.Just fabulous.- Boy, I'm glad that's over.- Now we can go home and act normal.- What do you mean?Aw, come on.That cornball routine?"I love you, Daddy."Give me a break.- I pity you.- Why?- After you.- Thank you so much.- Me first! No, me. Me. Me.- No, me. No, me. Me. Me.Honey, you look so tired.Would you like me to drive?Oh, Homie, I thinkI'm going to be sick.There was a farmerwho had a dogAnd Bingo was his nameOhB-i-n-g-oB-i-n-g-oB-i-n-g-o and Bingowas his name, ohHomie, get in the car.- This is where you belong.- Yeah, Homer.Room for one more.One of us. One of us.One of us. One of us.B-i-n-g-oB-i-n-g-o-B-i-n-g-oThe father of the familyhas worked all day...to find this foodfor his children.Unable to fend for themselves,the babybaldeaglets...are dependent on their motherregurgitating food which she has found.- Hey!- Look, eveybody.Yesterday wasa real eye-opener.We've got to do betteras a family.Tonight, we're not going to shovel foodin our mouths while we stare at the TV.We're going to eat at thedining room table like a normal family.- Happy, Dad?- Yes.Good.Commence shoveling.No. We're goingto say grace first.Okay. Rub-a-dub-dub,thanks for the grub.No!Ignore the boy, Lord.Can the chatter, and bow your heads.Dear Lord, Thank youfor this microwave bounty,even thoughwe don't deserve it.I mean, our kids areuncontrollable hellions.Pardon my French,but the Y act like savages.Did you see themat the picnic?Of course you did. You're everywhere.You're "omnivorous."O Lord, why did yousmite me with this family?- Amen!- Let's eat.No, I'm not done yet!But, Homer, how long are wesupposed to sit here...and listen to you bad-mouth usto the Man Upstairs?I'm sory, Marge, but sometimesI think we're the worst family in town.Maybe we should moveto a larger community.- D-oh!- Don't have a cow, Dad.The sad truth is,all families are like us.you think so, huh? Well, there'sonly one way to find out. Follow me.Look at that, kids.No fighting. No yelling.- No belching.- The dad has his shirt on.Look, napkins!- These people are obviously freaks.- Oh, you think so?Well, let's seewhat's behind door number two.- What are they doing?- They're having a conversation.The Y actually enjoytalking to each other.I wish I could hearwhat they're saying.Papa, I believe I heardsome rustling in the bushes.Hmm. I did too.Better get the gun.Where's he going?Probably to get the old manhis pipe and slippers.Whoa, look at this place.What a dump!It's worse than you think.I just trampledthis poor sap's flower bed.- Homer, this is our house.- Aaah!- Are you coming in, Homer?- No, no.I wanna be alone with my thought.Fans are getting a bit anxious here.- Another beer, Moe.What's-a matter, Homer?Bloodiest fight of the year.You're sitting there likea thirsty bump on a log.- Eddie.- Evening, Moe.- Want some pretzels?- No, thanks. We're on duty.- A couple beers would be nice, though.- Two bucks, boys.Just kidding.Good one, Moe. We're looking fora family of Peeping Toms...who's been terrorizingthe neighborhood.Quiet, boy.Let the nice people enjoy their beers.Ah, don't worry.This dog has the scent.- What's gotten into Bobo?- I got some wieners in my pocket.That figures.Come on, you stupid dog.you know, Moe, my mom once saidsomething that really stuck with me.She said," Homer,you're a big disappointment."And God bless her soul,she was really on to something.Don't blame yourself, Homer.you got dealt a bad hand.You got crummy little kidsthat nobody can control.you can't talk that way about my kids!Or at least two of them.- Why, you got two I haven't met?- Why, you--- Here's five you haven't met.- A tremendous right. That's gotta hurt.- This fight is over!All-StarBoxingis brought to you by...Dr. Marvin Monroe'sFamily Therapy Center.Huh? What?- Honey, aren't you going to work today?- Oh, I don't think so.Honey, you have a problem, andit won't get better till you admit it.I admit this:you better shut your big yap.- Oh, you shut up. No, you shut up!- No, you shut up!- Shut up!- Why don't you both shut up?Hi, friends.I'm Dr. Marvin Monroe.Does this scene look familiar?Ifso, I can help.No gimmicks. No pills.No faddiets.Just family bliss, or doubleyour money back. So call today.Dr. Marvin Monroe'sFamily Therapy Center.Why don't you call right now?When will I learn?The answer to life's problemsaren't at the bottom of a bottle.They're on TV!All right,time for a family meeting.Why can't we have a meetingwhen you're watching TV?Now look, you know and I know thisfamily needs help, professional help.So I've made us an appointmentwith Dr. Marvin Monroe.The fat guy on TV?You're sending us to a doctorwho advertises on pro wrestling?Boxing, Lisa, boxing.There's a world of difference.Gee, Homer, are you surethis is the right thing to do?Honey, I've giventhis matter a lot of study,and of all the commercials I saw,his was the best.- All it costs is $250.- We don't have that kind of money.Well, then, we're justgoing to have to dig deep.- Marge, go get the kids' college fund.- Hey!- Oh, Homer.- Oh, come on, Marge.Why scrimp now on the off chance thatthey'll actually get in some place?Forty-eight.Forty-nine. Fifty.Eighty-eight dollarsand fifty cents.That's it? That's the college fundwe've been saving for all these years?I guess I'd have neededa partial scholarship.We're not licked yet.To save this family, we're going tohave to make the supreme sacrifice.No, Dad.Please don't pawn the TV.Oh, come on, Dad,anything but that.Homer, couldn't we pawnmy engagement ring instead?Now, I appreciate that, honey,but we need $150 here!Afternoon, Simpson.What can I do for ya?Would you pay $150for this lovely Motorola?- Is it cable ready?- Ready as she'll ever be.Mister, you got yourself a deal.All our money,the college funds, the TV.Homer, you're driving a stake throughthe hearts of those who love you.- Hey, no pain, no gain.- Will you be paying by cash or check?Cash, of course.I've got $250 right here with me.I'm holding it right now.Here it is. Look.Check it out.250 big ones.If you really wantto impress her,show her the big, empty spacewhere our TV used to be.- Bart!- Come on, family.Let's go celebrate our newfoundability to express love.I'm taking you out forfrosty chocolatemilkshakes.Yea!There go my young-girl dreams of Vassar.Hello, I'm Dr. Marvin Monroe.No doubt you recognize me from TV.- We would ifwe had one.- Lisa!No, no, Homer,don't stifle the youngster.Your family must feel freeto express itself.That's what these padsand jumbo markers are for.I want you to draw for meyour fears, your anxieties,the roots of yourunhappiness.Take a deep,cleansing breath.And begin.- Mm-hmm. Uh-huh.No surprises here.- Homer?- Homer, what have you got for us?- Homer?- Sorry, I wasn't paying attention.If you had beenpaying attention,perhaps you would have noticedthat your family sees you...as a rather stern authority figure,an ogre, if you will.- Now, Doctor, that's not true.- Ogre is such a strong word.Right on, Doc!Another successful diagnosis.- That does it!- Whoa!Okay, you wanna kill eachother. That's good. That's healthy.There's nothing necessarily wrongwith hostile conflict.All I ask is that you usemy patented aggression therapy mallets.- Good idea.- All right.- I don't know.Okay. Let's take anotherdeep, cleansing breath.These mallet things are paddedwith foam rubber. What's the point?They'd work much betterwithout the padding, Doc.- No, no. That's not true.- Ah! Give me that.- See?Yes, well, that concludesthis portion of our treatment.- Are we cured yet?- Don't be ridiculous.you will be, but it's going to requiresomewhat more unorthodox methods.- Unortho-what?- Don't worry.I'll have plenty of time to explainwhile I warm up the...electric generator.Eveyone comfy?Good.Now, don't touch any ofthose buttons in front of you...for a very important reason, i.e., youare wired into the rest of your family.you have the ability to shock them,and they have the ability to shock---just testing.- Why, you--- No, Homer, not yet.This is what is knownas aversion therapy.When someone hurts you emotionally,you will hurt them physically.And gradually you will learnnot to hurt each other at all.And won't that bewonderful, Homer?- Oh, yes, Doctor.- Whoa!- Aaah!-How could you shock your little sister?-My finger slipped.- So did mine.- Aaaah!- Bart, Lisa, stop that.No, no. Now, wait a minute.Wait! Wait!Folks, if I could--This is not the wayto get healthy!No! You don't understand, Simpsons!- People, please!Boy.Someone's reallygobbling up the juice, sir.Excellent.Excellent.Perhaps this energy conservation fadis as dead as the dodo.- No! No! Simpsons!- Son of a---Stop!- Dr. Monroe, your other patientshave fled the building.- Stop!You're damagingthe equipment.-Nice hair, Mom.-I thought we were making real progress.No, I'm sorry, you're not!You've just got to go.Wait a minute, Doc,your TV commercial said,family blissor double our money back.Oh, but that was just--All right.Get the money.20,40,60,80,1.20,40,60,80,2.20,40,60,80,3.20,40,60,80,4.20,40,60,80,500.Just go, and never tellanyone youwere here!Wow, 500 smackers.Homer, how wonderful.Our first pleasant surprise.It's not the money, as much asthe feeling that we earned it.you did it, Dad.Shouldn't we be heading downto the pawn shop to get our TV back?That piece of junk?Forget it.We're gonna get a new TV.Twenty-one inch screen,realistic flesh tones...and a little cart so we can wheel itinto the dining room on holidays.- Yea!- Oh, Homer, we love you.