You know, Bart,when I was your age,I pulled a few boners.But I think you'll findthat people are pretty decent...- if you give them half--- Look! There it is--- The head!- Kill him!They got us cornered, boy.We'll never get away. Give me the head.No, Dad. This whole thingwas my fault.- You run along.- Son, we're in this mess together.No matter howtempting it might be,I can't let my only boy get rippedlimb from limb by a bloodthirsty mob.- Aw, Dad.- We'll die together,like a father and son should.


Look.Now we've got 'em.- Hey, that's Homer Simpson.- And his kid, Bart.- Let's kill them!-Bring 'em out!- off the kid, man. Off him!- Kill Bart!- Kill Homer!- Let's kill this guy!Murderous mob,I beg you to spare our lives.At least until you've heardthe story of how we ended up...with the headof our beloved town founder.How long willthis story take?Uh, about 23 minutesand 5 seconds.- It's too long!- 23:05?Well, all right.Go ahead.Okay. It all startedSunday morning.Kids!We're late for church.


Kids!We're late for church.Get your buttsdown here right now!- Ready for inspection, Mom.- Very nice, Maggie.And, Lisa,you look lovely.Bart,assume the position.- Ohh!- Bart.Now where's your father?- Phillips has broken free.- Get 'em. Get 'em!-The 50, the 40, the 30, the 20, the 10.-Oh, no!- Touchdown!-Homer?- D'oh!A 64-yard run!We've got an upset in the making!No, we don't.Ty being objective for once in-- Oh?- Let's go, Homer.- But you don't understand, Marge.I have 50 bucksriding on this game.Homer,you promised me.This isn't gambling, Marge.- It's a lead-pipe cinch.- Here's the kick off.Wolodarsky takes it at the five.And oh, my. He fumbles!- Oh, no!-Another touchdown!Come on.Why should I feel like a traffic copevery Sunday morning?I'm just tying to geta little goodness into the family.Where is it? The game! Where is it?-Ahh!-... got Wolodarsky open in the end zone.- Catch it. Catch it.- It's complete. Touchdown!All right!Oh, Doctor, we gota barnburner here.This could be the mostremarkable comeback sinceLazarus rose from the dead.Laza who?Come on, everybody.We're late.Bart, I want you to promise me you'llpay attention in Sunday school.Bart. Bart?- Bart!- Whoa! Are you talking to me?What's this?A personal stereo.Were you going to listento rock music in Sunday school?- Maybe.- Can you believe this, Homer? Homer?- Homer!- No, no, no! We stink. We stink....the 40, the 30,the 20, the 10. Touchdown!Homer, were you planning on sittingin the car till the game was over?- Maybe.- It's because of yourirreverent attitude...that Bart thinks he can sneakheadphones into Sunday school.- Now move it!- Now here's the kickoff.Wolodarsky takes it.And oh my. He fumbles!Will my dog Pepperbe there?I'm sorry,but the answer is no.- Why not?- Because heaven is for people.What about my cat,Snowball?I'm sorry,but the answer is no.- Will there be cavemen in heaven?- Certainly not.Um, ma'am, what if you'rea really good person,but you're in a really,really bad fight...and your leg gets gangrene,and it has to be amputated.Will it be waitingfor you in heaven?For the last time,Bart, yes!I'd like to begin today'ssermon, which I have entitled,"Gambling,the Eighth Deadly Sin."Today is Sunday,the Lord's day,and yet,at this very moment,millions of Americansare not in the Lord's house.They're in their own houseworshipping a false idol--professional football.- Oh, Lord--- It's a beautiful Sunday.Perfect football weatherfor this incredible game.And by the way,this game is being brought to you...by the good peopleat Duffbeer.You can't get enough...of that wonderful Duff.Now they're lining upfort his crucial kick.One final tickof the clock remains.If they win, it will capan amazing comeback.But it's a 49-yard field goalinto the wind.Make it! Make it!Make it! Make it!- The kick is up.- Oh, please, please, please, please!- Holy Toledo, it's good!- It's good! It's good! It's good!It's... good to seeyou all in church.- Please, be seated, Homer.- Yeah, sit down, Homer.The ventriloquist goes to heaven,but the dummy doesn't.- Oh, oh, oh! Me!- Bart?What about a robotwith a human brain?I don't know!All these questions!Is a little blind faithtoo much to ask?Yea!Don't forget next week.Remember to read--That was very nice,Father.I was pleasedyou enjoyed it.I seemed to have struck a chordwith you today, Homer.What? Oh, yeah,you were great.Homer.Homer, you embarrassed us in frontof the whole congregation.And today's sermon was oneyou should have really listened to.- What was it about?- Gambling.Oh. He didn't say that under certaincircumstances it was all right, did he?No! Look. I don't want to talk aboutthis anymore in front of the kids.Lisa, Bart,what did you two learnin Sunday school today?The answers to deeptheological questions.Yeah. Among other things,apes can't get into heaven.What? Those cutelittle monkeys?- That's terrible. Who told you that?- Our teacher.I can understand how they wouldn'tlet in those wild jungle apes,but what about those reallysmart ones who live among us,who roller-skateand smoke cigars?Oh, cool, man.Space Mutants 4.Drop me off!Drop me off!- No way, Jose.- Marge, they're only space mutants.Uh-uh. I know whatthose movies are like.Killing innocent people,eating human flesh.You'll just geta lot of bad ideas.Hey, Dad.Can I have five bucks?I hope you're not planningto see a certain movie...starring certainspace mutants...that a certain mother didn'twant you to see.Perish the thought.Here you go, son. Share the wealth.That's what I always say.Ooh!Da da da da daWhoa! Whoa!Ooh, cowabunga!- Hey, hot dog!- What?Nice dismount, man.- Didn't hurt.- Oh, yeah? Well, do it again.Nah. Might land on my faceand end up looking like you.You little punk!Hey, man, leave the kid alone.I like him.- You do?- Yeah, you're witty.- You do?- Yeah, you're witty.- So what's your name, man?- I'm Bart Simpson.This here's Kearny,and I'm Jimbo.You don't need an introduction.You're the worst kid in school.- Thanks.- Psst. Coast is clear.You guysare sneakin' in?- Yeah. Only saps pay to see movies.- Hey, Bart, come on!But sneaking into a movie ispractically stealing, man.- " Practically"?- It is stealing.Well, okay. I just wanted to make surewe weren't deluding ourselves.Wait! I thinkI hear something.Oh, come on.Loosen up, babe.There's nobody herebut you and me.No. Stop it!I think I hear something...not human.Let's get romantic.Well, okay.You little sneaks,you're coming with me.Next time you little hoodlumsty this, I'm calling your parents!Oh, yeah? Well, we don't wanna seeyour crummy movie anyway.Yeah. We'll takeour business elsewhere.You know, Bart.I've been kicked outof all four Space Mutant movies.Wow, man.Three jumbochery squisheys,- and one double jumbooriginal flavor, sir.- Okay.Don't you kids take anything.I'm watching you.I've got eyes in the back of my head.- Four fifty-two.- Don't worry, guys. It's on me.Share the wealth.That's what I always say.Guys?Guys?Hey, guys.Where'd you get all that great stuff?Five-finger discount,man.- You ripped it off?- Yeah. Thanks for covering for us, man.- Go on, Bart.- But that guy founded Springfield.He built our first hospitalout of logs and mud.If it weren't for him,all the settlers would have died...in the great blizzardof '48.So?So...watch me hit himright between the eyes.What are you doing? Show a littlerespect, you insolent little thugs.We're really scared.Hey! Hey, you!Hey! Hey, you!You know, when youlook up at clouds in the sky,they start lookinglike stuff.- No, they don't.- Yeah, they do.Like that one over therelooks just like a cherry bomb.Hey, you're right.And look at that one.It looks like a guy witha switchblade stuck in his back.Yeah, that onelooks like a school bus...going over a cliff in flames,with kids inside screaming.That one looks just like the statue ofour town founder, Jebediah Springfield.- Does not.- Does too.- I mean, without the head, of course.- Oh, yeah.I wish someone really would cuthis ugly old head off.- You do?- Yeah, that'd be cool.Sure would cheeseeverybody off.But, guys, come on.Don't you remember history class?Jebediah once killeda bear with his bare hands.- Oh, sorry.- We forgot how much you loveJebediah Springfield.- Yeah, he's your boyfriend.- Yeah!- Come on, guys. Knock it off.- Beat it, Simpson.Man, I thoughtyou were cool.Beat it, Simpson.Man, I thoughtyou were cool.Aha!Wow! Look at thesebowling balls, Maggie.Can you think of a better way forDaddy to spend his hard-won 50 bucks?Now I've seen everything.Black marbleizedwith a liquid center."The Stealth Bowler:The pins don't know what hit them."Dad, can I talk to youabout something?Sure, boy.What's on your mind?Well, I was wondering.How important is it to be popular?I'm glad you asked, son.Being popular is the mostimportant thing in the world.So, like, sometimes you coulddo stuff you think is pretty bad...so other kidswill like you better?- You're not talking aboutkilling anyone, are you?- No.- Are you?- No!Then run along,you little scamp.A boy without mischief is like abowling ball without a liquid center.What have I done?Bart, are you all right?Uh, yeah.Top of the world, Ma.Well, then come downfor breakfast.Ooh! Look at this one."The Hammer of Thor:It will send your pins to...Val-halla." Lisa?Valhalla is where Vikingsgo when they die.Oh.That's some ball.Good morning,everybody.We interrupt "Mamboin the Morning"...to bring youthis special news bulletin.The statue of Jebediah Springfield,our illustrious town founder,was brutally decapitated last night...in an actof senseless vandalism.We now go to Police Chief Wiggumat City Hall.Well, we have no witnesses,no suspects, and no leads.If anyone has any information,please dial "O" and ask for the police.That number again,"O."Stay tuned to this station...for further developments as they break.- It's just a statue.- The statue of the trail blazingfounder of our town.It's a symbol of what we can all doif we put our minds to it.Just a statue?Is the Statue of Libertyjust a statue?Is the Leaning Tower of Pizzajust a statue?- Uh-oh. School bus.Come on, Lis.School bus.Go on, Lisa. We've all gotto be brave, just like Jebediah...- when he killed that bear.- It's so awful.Okay, come on,come on, everybody.We gotta get onwith our lives.Let's ty and putthis tragedy behind us.You're right, Moe.A beer, please, and make surethere's a head on it.I said it before, and I'll say it again." Hell in a hand basket!"I hope they findthe punk who did this,and I hopethey cut his head off.Yeah!Hi, guys.What's up?We were saying we'd love to meet theguy who cut off the head of that statue.Yeah, we wish he were here right now.Oh, really?Yeah, we'd break every bonein his stupid little body.- Yeah, that's right, man. Limb by limb.- Yeah!What? But-But yesterday,didn't you say it would be cool...to cut off the head,and really cheese everybody off?Yeah, that wasjust cloud talk, man.Yeah. I mean, throwing rocksis one thing,but I would never cutthe head off of a guy...who iced a bearwith his bare hands.-So what's in the bag, Bart?-My head.I said, what's in the bag, Bart?Go ahead, Bart. Tell them.It's the headof Jebediah Springfield.I gotta go!Look what you've done.You wanted to be popular.Now you're the mosthated boy in town.You're not really talking to me.You're just my overactive imagination.- Oh, I am, am I?- Shut up.I wanted themto like me.Hmm.The child seems rattled.- Can you blame him?- No. No, I can't.There, there, Mr. Burns.Blow, sir.Hey, Bart,where are you going?- Uh, to my room.- Why don't you watch Krusty the Clown?There's someone out there in Krustylandwho has committed an atrocity.If you know who cut offJebediah's head--I don't care if it's your brother,your sister, your daddy or your mommy--turn them in,and Krusty will send you...a free slide whistlejust like Sideshow Bob's.Wait a minute.I hope you're not planning to dowhat I think you're doing.Sorry, man.It's either you or me.You know, Bart, you don'thave to found a town to be a hero.Sometimes a herocould be a young boy...with the courage to stand upand admit he's made a mistake.Yeah, well, I'm runninga little short on courage right now.Aah!Anyway, think about it,will you, son?Jebediah ObediahZachariahjedediah Springfield...came West in 1838.Along the way,he met a ferocious bear...and killed himwith his bare hands.That's " B-A-R-E" hands.Although modern historiansrecently uncovered evidence...that the bear, in fact,probably killed him.- But whether bear killed man--- Mom. Dad.- I knew it all along!- Why, Bart? Why?Yeah, why?You little--Because I wantedsome really bad kids to like me.Somehow I got the ideathat being popular...was the most importantthing in the world.- Where did you geta ridiculous idea like that?- Uh--Lay offthe boy, Marge.He's a good kid.Quit giving him the third degree.Homer, did you havesomething to do with this?Well, maybe I ama little responsible.- A little?- Come on, son.Let's take the head thingback to the authorities.You know, Bart,when I was your age,I pulled a few boners.But I think you'll find peopleare pretty decent...- if you give them half--- Look! There it is--- The head!- Kill 'em!-Allright. Allright.- Allright, already.- We know this part.-Oh, yeah, right.Well, that's my story.And if you still wanna tear apartthis young Sunday school student...as he stands on the brinkof salvation,- I await your wrath.- Aw!- Somehow I don't feellike killing anymore.- Neither do I.Dad.- Forgive me, sir.- No problem, Bart.Look!It's glorious.It's beautiful, man.- I love you, Smithers.- The feeling is more than mutual, sir.Whoo!Good going, son.But remember--Most lynch mobs aren't this nice.